The same gardener will typically work on your property each visit (unless they're sick or on vacation). We will periodically send additional specialists for enhancements and quality inspections, but otherwise, you can expect to see the same team each week.

Your gardener may change every once in awhile, but all of your information will be passed along so your new gardener will know exactly how to take care of your yard.

Generally speaking, ezhome's gardening service won't cost any more than what you currently pay for a weekly year-round gardener. We even provide you with a free custom proposal so you can see just how much our services would cost.

While we primarily service residential homes, we're happy to serve your commercial property if it meets the following conditions:

You're fine with service occurring weekdays between 7:30 am and 4 pm.
Your property is small enough that one gardener can service it in under two hours.
We can leave debris in green bins or on the street without needing to haul it away.
You can pay by credit card or ACH.
We use blowers in much of our work, so keep in mind any noise concerns you may have during business hours.

Yes! We offer a $50 credit to both you and the person you refer to ezhome. This credit is applied after the new customer completes their first month of service. We greatly appreciate when you recommend our services to friends and family.

Yes! We carry a multi-million dollar liability and auto insurance policy to reduce the risk to you and your yard.

Working with employees instead of contractors allows us to take better care of your yard and give you the peace of mind that comes from reliable, secure work. We only hire gardeners who are legally able to work, have clean driving records, and clear background checks.

In addition, we provide our employees with worker's compensation insurance and ongoing training to give you consistently excellent results--something we couldn't do with contractors.

Our iOS and web apps make it much easier for you to manage your gardening needs. We also send you an email report after each visit so you know exactly when we came and what we did.

Our apps also allow you to easily update your account and payment details, manage your service, and contact us for additional support in a convenient, easy-to-use platform.

As much as we love dogs, mowing and blowing can be distressing for even the friendliest pets, and our gardeners will not enter the yard if your dog is out. This protects both our gardeners and your dog.

Absolutely! If you wish to change how often we visit, just let us know at least 7 days before your next billing cycle begins. We'll adjust our schedule to update your service starting with the next service period.

While you do have the option to put your service on hold when you go on vacation, we don't recommend it. After all, your plants will continue to grow while you are away. If access restrictions will prevent us from servicing your yard, please let us know at least 48 hours before your next scheduled service.

Please note that we can't discount your hold period from your monthly fees since we would need to do extra work when you return and keep your spot on our schedule while you're gone.

We'll do as much as we can, but we won't be able to mow your lawn or use blowers during heavy rain or when your yard is very wet. During wet weather, we'll take care of other tasks, such as monitoring your yard for drainage issues and cleaning your hardscape and entryway.

Please remember that ezhome is an annual plan, so the occasional limited service or no-service day won't impact your total costs. If you have any questions or concerns, please contact ezhome Support for more information.

Definitely! You can let us know which days you would prefer service when you sign up online. We currently only offer weekday services, but we'll do our best to service you on your preferred day of the week. Remember, you don't need to be home during your gardener's visit!

We'll provide you with a time frame for when your gardener will arrive for your scheduled service, though traffic and other unexpected delays could cause them to arrive a bit earlier or later.

You don't need to be home during our visits! However, please let us know of any access restrictions (such as a gate code or other instructions) when you sign up so we can provide you with full service when we arrive.

Our gardeners provide service Monday through Friday between 7:30 am and 4:00 pm. Our office is open Monday through Friday from 9:00 am to 5:00 pm.

To support our employees and their families, we observe the following holidays:

New Year's Day
Memorial Day
4th of July
Labor Day
Thanksgiving Day
Christmas Day
If your normal service day falls on one of these holidays, your service will continue as usual on the next service date. Please remember that our pricing is balanced for the entire year with these holidays in mind.

Our gardeners will put all organic debris in your green bins so it can be disposed of in an environmentally-friendly manner. You might need to request extra green bins from your waste management company or purchase new bins online so you have sufficient disposal space during fall and winter.

Where local regulations allow, our gardeners will also leave debris on the street for collection.

If you replace the sod in your yard with gravel, hardscape, or other landscaping, we'll probably need to adjust your service plan! Let us know right away so we can update your property blueprint and adjust your service proposal.

If your lawn has died but you still have sod in place, this won't affect your service cost. Your gardener will still mow your lawn for debris collection, and rain can always revive your lawn later on.

Yes! We will treat weeds in your flower beds as part of The Basics service. If you choose our Full Service package, we'll also take care of deadheading in your flower beds and flower pots.

Unfortunately, we can't hand-water your flower pots or care for your vegetable beds. We don't want your plants to die, and they need more frequent care than we can provide with our weekly or bi-weekly visits.

We do our best to meet your needs, but there are some tasks that are too dangerous or require extra training that our gardeners don't have. These are a few of the services we currently can't provide:

Pest control
Electrical work
Hardscape work
Water feature care
Traditional cleaning tasks
In addition, your gardener can't take care of vegetable beds or potted plants, as these require more frequent and specialized care than our weekly or bi-weekly visits allow.

We only offer electric blowers where local regulations require their use. Using an electric blower increases service prices in these areas, as it takes us much longer to clean your property with an electric blower than with a gas blower.

In general, we recommend choosing the weekly service plan so we can keep your yard looking exactly how you want. However, a bi-weekly plan is a good alternative if you have a small yard with few plants. This low-cost option will provide lawn care and debris removal every other week.

Keep in mind that choosing bi-weekly service will make it harder for your gardener to monitor and report any issues with your yard. Your garden will also look less-maintained between visits.

We know that being environmentally-friendly is important, which is why we offer Organic service as an add-on option. With this option, we provide hand weeding throughout the year to keep your yard free from non-organic materials.

The Basics service plan covers your yard care essentials, including lawn care (mowing and edging), leaf debris removal, power hedging (up to 6 feet), and weed removal with spray treatment.

If you choose the Full Service package, we will also provide deadheading of spent flowers and trimming of shrubs, vines and hedges (up to 6 feet).

We also offer the following services, which can be purchased as needed:

Irrigation adjustments, checks, upgrades, and repairs
Lawn aeration
Overseeding and fertilization
Mulching
Plant disease treatment
Shrub and tree removal
Tree pruning
And more!

Your gardener's first visit will take place about two weeks after you sign up for service. We're currently working to shorten this wait time so your service can start sooner.

This won't change your overall price, since we will blow your artificial turf as if it were hardscape.

Since our gardeners will still go over your yard with a mower to "vacuum" up any debris as part of your maintenance service, there is no price difference if you choose not to mow.

If it's been awhile since you used a gardening service, we will probably need to do an Initial Cleanup Service before we can begin regular maintenance visits.

During this initial cleanup, we'll send a specialized crew to work on problem areas in your yard (such as excessive weeds or leaf debris build-up). This cleanup is essential before our regular maintenance crews can start working. There is an additional fee for this service, but we will send you a quote in advance so you don't get charged for any services you don't want.

Typically, your gardener will spend between 30 and 75 minutes per visit, though this can vary. There are several factors that influence how much time our team spends at your home, including:

The size of your garden
The type and density of your plants
The season
Frequency of service
Your tier of service plan

When you request a free proposal, our team will use publicly available satellite data to create a blueprint of your property.

We'll then use this blueprint to determine the cost of your service options: "The Basics," which covers your yard care essentials, and "Full Service," which provides more in-depth care for your plants.

Aeration improves the health of your grass by punching small holes in your lawn to allow air, water and other nutrients to reach the root system. For best results, you should aerate your lawn twice a year--once in the spring and once in the fall. Contact ezhome Support if you'd like to learn more about this service!

Mulching doesn't just help your garden look better! It can also help your yard:

Reduce water loss
Prevent weed growth
Add soil nutrients
The ideal level of mulch for your garden is two to three inches deep. Since mulch breaks down over time, you should replenish it every year or every other year. We recommend using either Mahogany Colored Wood Chips or ¾" Fir Bark for their great look and high durability.

Feel free to reach out if you'd like to discuss the best organic mulch options for your yard! Our standard price for mulch is $129 per cubic yard, and we will only bill you based on the amount of mulch used.

The best time to do any major pruning is late winter, when your plants are dormant. This way, the pruning won't negatively affect your trees' future growth.

Stone-fruit trees are the one exception to this rule. These trees should be pruned during warmer and drier weather, as these weather conditions help them heal faster. You can also cut out dead twigs or remove overhanging branches year-round.

The best time to check your irrigation system for any problems is during the winter, when your irrigation system is turned off. For a fee of $79, we can send a trained irrigation specialist to your home for a full system check, which includes:

Turning on each irrigation zone
Visually inspecting for leaks and breaks
Checking your spray coverage
Adjusting your controller program
Making a status report of each zone
Providing estimates for any needed repairs
Making an Irrigation Zone Map of your property, if requested (additional $35 fee)

We recommend that you keep your kids and pets out of treated areas until the spray has dried. The weed control herbicide we primarily use contains Glyphosate, which is considered safe as soon as it is dry. Keep in mind that the dry time will vary between sunny and overcast days.

You'll be charged on the first Monday of each service period. Billing in advance helps us schedule your maintenance team and provide you with consistent service. Charges for any additional services that you purchase will be applied at the time of service.

To make your billing more convenient, you can also use your ezhome account to verify your charges!

You can cancel your service at the end of any billing cycle, as long as you do so at least 48 hours before your next scheduled visit and/or the start of a new billing cycle. We will still provide any services you have already prepaid for after you discontinue.

The safety of your information is extremely important to us! To keep your information safe, your payment information goes directly to Stripe, a PCI Level I certified payment processing system that securely stores credit card information and processes your payments. Your payment information is never stored on our site.

To save you time, all our payments are processed online! We accept all major credit and debit cards, as well as electronic bank statements (ACH). We don't accept personal checks or other forms of payment.