[stori to tell to children by sara cone bryant 1918]


two littl riddl in rhyme


there a garden that i ken
full of littl gentlemen;
littl cap of blue they wear
and green ribbon veri fair
(flax)

from hous to hous he goe
a messeng small and slight
and whether it rain or snow
he sleep outsid in the night
(the path)




the littl yellow tulip


onc there wa a littl yellow tulip and she live down in a littl
dark hous under the ground one day she wa sit there all by
herself and it wa veri still suddenli she heard a littl _tap tap
tap_ at the door

who is that? she said

it the rain and i want to come in said a soft sad littl voic

no you cant come in the littl tulip said

by and by she heard anoth littl _tap tap tap_ on the window-pan

who is there? she said

the same soft littl voic answer it the rain and i want to come
in!

no you cant come in said the littl tulip

then it wa veri still for a long time at last there came a littl
rustl whisper sound all round the window: _rustl whisper
whisper_

who is there? said the littl tulip

it the sunshin said a littl soft cheeri voic and i want to
come in!

n--no said the littl tulip you cant come in and she sat still
again

pretti soon she heard the sweet littl rustl nois at the keyhol

who is there? she said

it the sunshin said the cheeri littl voic and i want to come
in i want to come in!

no no said the littl tulip you cannot come in

by and by as she sat so still she heard _tap tap tap_ and _rustl
whisper rustle_ up and down the window-pan and on the door and at
the keyhol

_who is there?_ she said

it the rain and the sun the rain and the sun said two littl
voic togeth and we want to come in! we want to come in! we want
to come in!

dear dear! said the littl tulip if there are two of you i spose
i shall have to let you in

so she open the door a littl wee crack and in they came and one
took one of her littl hand and the other took her other littl hand
and they ran ran ran with her right up to the top of the ground then
they said--

poke your head through!

so she poke her head through; and she wa in the midst of a beauti
garden it wa earli springtim and few other flower were to be seen;
but she had the bird to sing to her and the sun to shine upon her
pretti yellow head she wa so pleas too when the children exclaim
with pleasur that now they knew that the beauti spring had come!




the cock-a-doo-dle-doo


a veri littl boy made thi stori up out of hi head and told it to
hi papa i think you littlest one will like it; i do

onc upon a time there wa a littl boy and he want to be a
cock-a-doo-dle-doo so he wa a cock-a-doo-dle-doo and he want to fli
up into the sky so he did fli up into the sky and he want to get
wing and a tail so he did get some wing and a tail



the cloud


one hot summer morn a littl cloud rose out of the sea and float
lightli and happili across the blue sky far below lay the earth brown
dri and desol from drought the littl cloud could see the poor
peopl of the earth work and suffer in the hot field while she
herself float on the morn breez hither and thither without a
care

oh if i could onli help the poor peopl down there! she thought if
i could but make their work easier or give the hungri one food or the
thirsti a drink!

and as the day pass and the cloud becam larger thi wish to do
someth for the peopl of earth wa ever greater in her heart

on earth it grew hotter and hotter; the sun burn down so fierc that
the peopl were faint in it rays; it seem as if they must die of
heat and yet they were oblig to go on with their work for they were
veri poor sometim they stood and look up at the cloud as if they
were pray and say ah if you could help us!

i will help you; i will! said the cloud and she began to sink softli
down toward the earth

but suddenli as she float down she rememb someth which had
been told her when she wa a tini cloud-child in the lap of mother
ocean: it had been whisper that if the cloud go too near the earth
they die when she rememb thi she held herself from sink and
sway here and there on the breez thinking--think but at last
she stood quit still and spoke boldli and proudli she said men of
earth i will help you come what may!

the thought made her suddenli marvel big and strong and power
never had she dream that she could be so big like a mighti angel of
bless she stood abov the earth and lift her head and spread her
wing far over the field and wood she wa so great so majest that
men and anim were awe-struck at the sight; the tree and the grass
bow befor her; yet all the earth-creatur felt that she meant them
well

ye i will help you cri the cloud onc more take me to
yourselves; i will give my life for you!

as she said the word a wonder light glow from her heart the sound
of thunder roll through the sky and a love greater than word can
tell fill the cloud; down down close to the earth she swept and
gave up her life in a bless heal shower of rain

that rain wa the cloud great deed; it wa her death too; but it wa
also her glori over the whole country-sid as far as the rain fell a
love rainbow sprang it arch and all the brightest ray of heaven
made it colours; it wa the last greet of a love so great that it
sacrif itself

soon that too wa gone but long long afterward the men and anim
who were save by the cloud kept her bless in their heart


the littl red hen


the littl red hen wa in the farmyard with her chicken when she found
a grain of wheat

who will plant thi wheat? she said

not i said the goos

not i said the duck

i will then said the littl red hen and she plant the grain of
wheat

when the wheat wa ripe she said who will take thi wheat to the
mill?

not i said the goos

not i said the duck

i will then said the littl red hen and she took the wheat to the
mill

when she brought the flour home she said who will make some bread with
thi flour?

not i said the goos

not i said the duck

i will then said the littl red hen

when the bread wa bake she said who will eat thi bread?

i will said the goos

i will said the duck

no you wont said the littl red hen i shall eat it myself cluck!
cluck! and she call her chicken to help her




the gingerbread man


onc upon a time there wa a littl old woman and a littl old man and
they live all alon in a littl old hous they hadnt ani littl
girl or ani littl boy at all so one day the littl old woman made
a boy out of gingerbread; she made him a chocol jacket and put
raisin on it for buttons; hi eye were made of fine fat currants; hi
mouth wa made of rose-colour sugar; and he had a gay littl cap of
orang sugar-candi when the littl old woman had roll him out and
dress him up and pinch hi gingerbread shoe into shape she put
him in a pan; then she put the pan in the oven and shut the door; and
she thought now i shall have a littl boy of my own

when it wa time for the gingerbread boy to be done she open the oven
door and pull out the pan out jump the littl gingerbread boy on to
the floor and away he ran out of the door and down the street! the
littl old woman and the littl old man ran after him as fast as they
could but he just laugh and shouted--

run! run! as fast as you can!

you cant catch me im the gingerbread man!

and they couldnt catch him

the littl gingerbread boy ran on and on until he came to a cow by the
roadsid stop littl gingerbread boy said the cow; i want to eat
you the littl gingerbread boy laugh and said--

i have run away from a littl old woman

and a littl old man

and i can run away from you i can!

and as the cow chase him he look over hi shoulder and cried--

run! run! as fast as you can!

you cant catch me im the gingerbread man!

and the cow couldnt catch him

the littl gingerbread boy ran on and on and on till he came to a
hors in the pastur pleas stop littl gingerbread boy said the
hors you look veri good to eat but the littl gingerbread boy
laugh out loud oho! oho! he said--

i have run away from a littl old woman

a littl old man

a cow

and i can run away from you i can!

and as the hors chase him he look over hi shoulder and cried--

run! run! as fast as you can!

you cant catch me im the gingerbread man!

and the hors couldnt catch him

by and by the littl gingerbread boy came to a barn full of thresher
when the thresher smelt the gingerbread boy they tri to pick him up
and said dont run so fast littl gingerbread boy; you look veri good
to eat

but the littl gingerbread boy ran harder than ever and as he ran he
cri out--

i have run away from a littl old woman

a littl old man

a cow

a hors

and i can run away from you i can!

and when he found that he wa ahead of the thresher he turn and
shout back to them--

run! run! as fast as you can!

you cant catch me im the gingerbread man!

and the thresher couldnt catch him

then the littl gingerbread boy ran faster than ever he ran and ran
until he came to a field full of mower when the mower saw how fine he
look they ran after him call out wait a bit! wait a bit littl
gingerbread boy we wish to eat you! but the littl gingerbread boy
laugh harder than ever and ran like the wind oho! oho! he said--

i have run away from a littl old woman

a littl old man

a cow

a hors

a barn full of thresher

and i can run away from you i can!

and when he found that he wa ahead of the mower he turn and shout
back to them--

run! run! as fast as you can!

you cant catch me im the gingerbread man!

and the mower couldnt catch him

by thi time the littl gingerbread boy wa so proud that he didnt
think anybodi could catch him pretti soon he saw a fox come across a
field the fox look at him and began to run but the littl
gingerbread boy shout across to him you cant catch me! the fox
began to run faster and the littl gingerbread boy ran faster and as
he ran he chuckled--

i have run away from a littl old woman

a littl old man

a cow

a hors

a barn full of thresher

a field full of mower

and i can run away from you i can!

run! run! as fast as you can!

you cant catch me im the gingerbread man!

whi said the fox i would not catch you if i could i would not
think of disturb you

just then the littl gingerbread boy came to a river he could not swim
across and he want to keep run away from the cow and the hors
and the peopl

jump on my tail and i will take you across said the fox

so the littl gingerbread boy jump on the fox tail and the fox
began to swim the river when he wa a littl way from the bank he
turn hi head and said you are too heavi on my tail littl
gingerbread boy i fear i shall let you get wet; jump on my back

the littl gingerbread boy jump on hi back

a littl farther out the fox said i am afraid the water will cover
you there; jump on my shoulder

the littl gingerbread boy jump on hi shoulder

in the middl of the stream the fox said oh dear! littl gingerbread
boy my shoulder is sinking; jump on my nose and i can hold you out of
water

so the littl gingerbread boy jump on hi nose

the minut the fox reach the bank he threw back hi head and gave a
snap!

dear me! said the littl gingerbread boy i am a quarter gone! the
next minut he said whi i am half gone! the next minut he said my
good graciou i am three quarter gone!

and after that the littl gingerbread boy never said anyth more at
all




the littl jackal and the lion


onc there wa a great big jungle; and in the jungl there wa a great
big lion; and the lion wa king of the jungl whenev he want
anyth to eat all he had to do wa to come up out of hi cave in the
stone and earth and _roar_ when he had roar a few time all the
littl peopl of the jungl were so frighten that they came out of
their hole and hiding-plac and ran thi way and that to get away
then of cours the lion could see where they were and he pounc on
them kill them and gobbl them up

he did thi so often that at last there wa not a singl thing left
aliv in the jungl besid the lion except two littl jackals--a
littl father jackal and a littl mother jackal

they had run away so mani time that they were quit thin and veri
tire and they could not run so fast ani more and one day the lion wa
so near that the littl mother jackal grew frightened; she said--

oh father jackal father jackal! i bliev our time ha come! the lion
will sure catch us thi time!

pooh! nonsens mother! said the littl father jackal come well
run on a bit!

and they ran ran ran veri fast and the lion did not catch them that
time

but at last a day came when the lion wa nearer still and the littl
mother jackal wa frighten almost to death

oh father jackal father jackal! she cried; im sure our time ha
come! the lion go to eat us thi time!

now mother dont you fret said the littl father jackal; you do
just as i tell you and it will be all right

then what did those cun littl jackal do but take hold of hand and
run up toward the lion as if they had meant to come all the time when
he saw them come he stood up and roar in a terribl voice--

you miser littl wretch come here and be eaten at once! whi
didnt you come before?

the father jackal bow veri low

inde father lion he said we meant to come before; we knew we
ought to come before; and we want to come before; but everi time we
start to come a dread great lion came out of the wood and roar
at us and frighten us so that we ran away

what do you mean? roar the lion there no other lion in thi
jungl and you know it!

inde inde father lion said the littl jackal i know that is
what everybodi thinks; but inde and inde there is anoth lion! and
he is as much bigger than you as you are bigger than i! hi face is much
more terribl and hi roar far far more dread oh he is far more
fear than you!

at that the lion stood up and roar so that the jungl shook

take me to thi lion he said; ill eat him up and then ill eat you
up

the littl jackal danc on ahead and the lion stalk behind they
led him to a place where there wa a round deep well of clear water
they went round on one side of it and the lion stalk up to the other

he live down there father lion! said the littl jackal he live
down there!

the lion came close and look down into the water--and a lion face
look back at him out of the water!

when he saw that the lion roar and shook hi mane and show hi
teeth and the lion in the water shook hi mane and show hi teeth
the lion abov shook hi mane again and growl again and made a
terribl face but the lion in the water made just as terribl a one
back the lion abov couldnt stand that he leap down into the well
after the other lion

but of cours as you know veri well there wasnt ani other lion! it
wa onli the reflect in the water!

so the poor old lion flounder about and flounder about and as he
couldnt get up the steep side of the well he wa at last drown and
when he wa drown the littl jackal took hold of hand and danc
round the well and sang--

the lion is dead! the lion is dead!

we have kill the great lion who would have kill us!

the lion is dead! the lion is dead!

ao! ao! ao!





the countri mous and the citi mous


onc a littl mous who live in the countri invit a littl mous
from the citi to visit him when the littl citi mous sat down to
dinner he wa surpris to find that the countri mous had noth to
eat except barley and grain

realli he said you do not live well at all; you should see how i
live! i have all sort of fine thing to eat everi day you must come to
visit me and see how nice it is to live in the citi

the littl countri mous wa glad to do thi and after a while he went
to the citi to visit hi friend

the veri first place that the citi mous took the countri mous to see
wa the kitchen cupboard of the hous where he live there on the
lowest shelf behind some stone jar stood a big paper bag of brown
sugar the littl citi mous gnaw a hole in the bag and invit hi
friend to nibbl for himself

the two littl mice nibbl and nibbl and the countri mous thought
he had never tast anyth so delici in hi life he wa just
think how lucki the citi mous wa when suddenli the door open
with a bang and in came the cook to get some flour

run! whisper the citi mous and they ran as fast as they could to
the littl hole where they had come in the littl countri mous wa
shake all over when they got safe away but the littl citi mous
said that is nothing; she will soon go away and then we can go back

after the cook had gone away and shut the door they stole softli back
and thi time the citi mous had someth new to show: he took the
littl countri mous into a corner on the top shelf where a big jar of
dri prune stood open after much tug and pull they got a larg
dri prune out of the jar on to the shelf and began to nibbl at it
thi wa even better than the brown sugar the littl countri mous
like the tast so much that he could hardli nibbl fast enough but all
at onc in the midst of their eat there came a scratch at the
door and a sharp loud _miaouw_!

what is that? said the countri mous the citi mous just whisper
sh! and ran as fast as he could to the hole the countri mous ran
after you may be sure as fast as _he_ could as soon as they were out
of danger the citi mous said that wa the old cat; she is the best
mouser in town--if she onc get you you are lost

thi is veri terribl said the littl countri mouse; let us not go
back to the cupboard again

no said the citi mous i will take you to the cellar; there is
someth special fine there

so the citi mous took hi littl friend down the cellar stair and into
a big cupboard where there were mani shelv on the shelv were jar
of butter and chees in bag and out of bag overhead hung bunch of
sausag and there were spici appl in barrel stand about it
smelt so good that it went to the littl countri mous head he ran
along the shelf and nibbl at a chees here and a bit of butter there
until he saw an especi rich veri delicious-smel piec of chees
on a queer littl stand in a corner he wa just on the point of put
hi teeth into the chees when the citi mous saw him

stop! stop! cri the citi mous that is a trap!

the littl countri mous stop and said what is a trap?

that thing is a trap said the littl citi mous the minut you
touch the chees with your teeth someth come down on your head
hard and your dead

the littl countri mous look at the trap and he look at the
chees and he look at the littl citi mous if youll excus me
he said i think i will go home id rather have barley and grain to
eat and eat it in peac and comfort than have brown sugar and dri
prune and cheese--and be frighten to death all the time!

so the littl countri mous went back to hi home and there he stay
all the rest of hi life





littl jack rollaround


onc upon a time there wa a wee littl boy who slept in a tini
trundle-b near hi mother great bed the trundle-b had castor on
it so that it could be roll about and there wa noth in the world
the littl boy like so much as to have it roll when hi mother came
to bed he would cri roll me around! roll me around! and hi mother
would put out her hand from the big bed and push the littl bed back and
forth till she wa tire the littl boy could never get enough; so for
thi he wa call littl jack rollaround

one night he had made hi mother roll him about till she fell asleep
and even then he kept cri roll me around! roll me around! hi
mother push him about in her sleep until her slumber becam too
sound; then she stop but littl jack rollaround kept on cri
roll around! roll around!

by and by the moon peep in at the window he saw a funni sight: littl
jack rollaround wa lie in hi trundle-b and he had put up one
littl fat leg for a mast and fasten the corner of hi wee shirt to
it for a sail; and he wa blow at it with all hi might and say
roll around! roll around! slowli slowli the littl trundle-b boat
began to move; it sail along the floor and up the wall and across the
ceil and down again!

more! more! cri littl jack rollaround; and the littl boat sail
faster up the wall across the ceil down the wall and over the
floor the moon laugh at the sight; but when littl jack rollaround
saw the moon he call out open the door old moon! i want to roll
through the town so that the peopl can see me!

the moon could not open the door but he shone in through the keyhol
in a broad band and littl jack rollaround sail hi trundle-b boat
up the beam through the keyhol and into the street

make a light old moon he said; i want the peopl to see me!

so the good moon made a light and went along with him and the littl
trundle-b boat went sail down the street into the main street of
the villag they roll past the town hall and the schoolhous and the
church; but nobodi saw littl jack rollaround becaus everybodi wa in
bed asleep

whi dont the peopl come to see me? he shout

high up on the church steepl the weather-van answer it is no time
for peopl to be in the streets; decent folk are in their bed

then ill go to the wood so that the anim may see me said littl
jack come along old moon and make a light!

the good moon went along and made a light and they came to the forest
roll! roll! cri the littl boy; and the trundle-b went trundl
among the tree in the great wood scare up the squirrel and
startl the littl leav on the tree the poor old moon began to
have a bad time of it for the tree-trunk got in hi way so that he
could not go so fast as the bed and everi time he got behind the
littl boy call hurri up old moon i want the beast to see me!

but all the anim were asleep and nobodi at all look at littl jack
rollaround except an old white owl; and all she said wa who are
you?

the littl boy did not like her so he blew harder and the trundle-b
boat went sail through the forest till it came to the end of the
world

i must go home now; it is late said the moon

i will go with you; make a path! said littl jack rollaround

the kind moon made a path up to the sky and up sail the littl bed
into the midst of the sky all the littl bright star were there with
their nice littl lamp and when he saw them that naughti littl jack
rollaround began to teas out of the way there! i am coming! he
shout and sail the trundle-b boat straight at them he bump the
littl star right and left all over the sky until everi one of them
put hi littl lamp out and left it dark

do not treat the littl star so said the good moon

but jack rollaround onli behav the worse: get out of the way old
moon! he shout i am coming!

and he steer the littl trundle-b boat straight into the old moon
face and bump hi nose!

thi wa too much for the good moon; he put out hi big light all at
onc and left the sky pitch-black

make a light old moon! make a light! shout the littl boy but the
moon answer never a word and jack rollaround could not see where to
steer he went roll criss-cross up and down all over the sky
knock into the planet and stumbl into the cloud till he did not
know where he wa

suddenli he saw a big yellow light at the veri edg of the sky he
thought it wa the moon look out i am coming! he cri and steer
for the light

but it wa not the kind old moon at all; it wa the great mother sun
just come up out of her home in the sea to begin her day work

aha youngster what are you do in my sky? she said and she pick
littl jack rollaround up and threw him trundle-b boat and all into
the middl of the sea!

and i suppos he is there yet unless somebodi pick him out again




how brother rabbit fool the whale and the eleph


one day littl brother rabbit wa run along on the sand lippeti
lippeti when he saw the whale and the eleph talk togeth
littl brother rabbit crouch down and listen to what they were
say thi wa what they were saying:--

you are the biggest thing on the land brother eleph said the
whale and i am the biggest thing in the sea; if we join togeth we
can rule all the anim in the world and have our way about
everyth

veri good veri good trumpet the elephant; that suit me; we will
do it

littl brother rabbit snigger to himself they wont rule me he
said he ran away and got a veri long veri strong rope and he got hi
big drum and hid the drum a long way off in the bush then he went
along the beach till he came to the whale

oh pleas dear strong mr whale he said will you have the great
kind to do me a favour? my cow is stuck in the mud a quarter of a
mile from here and i cant pull her out but you are so strong and so
oblig that i ventur to trust you will help me out

the whale wa so pleas with the compliment that he said ye at
onc

then said the rabbit i will tie thi end of my long rope to you
and i will run away and tie the other end round my cow and when i am
readi i will beat my big drum when you hear that pull veri veri
hard for the cow is stuck veri deep in the mud

huh! grunt the whale ill pull her out if she is stuck to the
horn

littl brother rabbit tie the rope-end to the whale and ran off
lippeti lippeti till he came to the place where the eleph wa

oh pleas mighti and kindli eleph he said make a veri low
bow will you do me a favour?

what is it? ask the eleph

my cow is stuck in the mud about a quarter of a mile from here said
littl brother rabbit and i cannot pull her out of cours you could
if you will be so veri oblig as to help me----

certainli said the eleph grandli certainli

then said littl brother rabbit i will tie one end of thi long
rope to your trunk and the other to my cow and as soon as i have tie
her tightli i will beat my big drum when you hear that pull; pull as
hard as you can for my cow is veri heavi

never fear said the eleph i could pull twenti cow

i am sure you could said the rabbit polit onli be sure to begin
gentli and pull harder and harder till you get her

then he tie the end of the rope tightli round the eleph trunk
and ran away into the bush there he sat down and beat the big drum

the whale began to pull and the eleph began to pull and in a jiffi
the rope tighten till it wa stretch as hard as could be

thi is a remark heavi cow said the elephant; but ill fetch
her! and he brace hi forefeet in the earth and gave a tremend
pull

dear me! said the whale that cow must be stuck mighti tight; and he
drove hi tail deep in the water and gave a marvel pull

he pull harder; the eleph pull harder pretti soon the whale
found himself slide toward the land the reason wa of cours that
the eleph had someth solid to brace against and besid as fast
as he pull the rope in a littl he took a turn with it round hi
trunk!

but when the whale found himself slide toward the land he wa so
provok with the cow that he dive head first down to the bottom of
the sea that wa a pull! the eleph wa jerk off hi feet and came
slip and slide to the beach and into the surf he wa terribl
angri he brace himself with all hi might and pull hi best at the
jerk up came the whale out of the water

who is pull me? spout the whale

who is pull me? trumpet the eleph

and then each saw the rope in the other hold

ill teach you to play cow! roar the eleph

ill show you how to fool me! fume the whale and they began to pull
again but thi time the rope broke the whale turn a somersault and
the eleph fell over backward

at that they were both so asham that neither would speak to the
other so that broke up the bargain between them

and littl brother rabbit sat in the bush and laugh and laugh
and laugh





the littl half-chick


there wa onc upon a time a spanish hen who hatch out some nice
littl chicken she wa much pleas with their look as they came from
the shell one two three came out plump and fluffy; but when the
fourth shell broke out came a littl half-chick! it had onli one leg
and one wing and one eye! it wa just half a chicken

the hen-moth did not know what in the world to do with the queer
littl half-chick she wa afraid someth would happen to it and she
tri hard to protect it and keep it from harm but as soon as it could
walk the littl half-chick show a most headstrong spirit wors than
ani of it brother it would not mind and it would go wherev it
want to; it walk with a funni littl hoppity-kick hoppity-kick and
got along pretti fast

one day the littl half-chick said mother i am off to madrid to see
the king! good-by

the poor hen-moth did everyth she could think of to keep him from
do so foolish a thing but the littl half-chick laugh at her
naughtili im for see the king he said; thi life is too quiet
for me and away he went hoppity-kick hoppity-kick over the field

when he had gone some distanc the littl half-chick came to a littl
brook that wa caught in the weed and in much troubl

littl half-chick whisper the water i am so choke with these
weed that i cannot move; i am almost lost for want of room; pleas
push the stick and weed away with your bill and help me

the idea! said the littl half-chick i cannot be bother with you;
i am off to madrid to see the king! and in spite of the brook
beg he went away hoppity-kick hoppity-kick

a bit farther on the half-chick came to a fire which wa smother in
damp stick and in great distress

oh littl half-chick said the fire you are just in time to save
me i am almost dead for want of air fan me a littl with your wing i
beg

the idea! said the littl half-chick i cannot be bother with you;
i am off to madrid to see the king! and he went laugh off
hoppity-kick hoppity-kick

when he had hoppity-kick a good way and wa near madrid he came to a
clump of bush where the wind wa caught fast the wind wa
whimper and beg to be set free

littl half-chick said the wind you are just in time to help me; if
you will brush asid these twig and leav i can get my breath; help
me quickly!

ho! the idea! said the littl half-chick i have no time to bother
with you i am go to madrid to see the king and he went off
hoppity-kick hoppity-kick leav the wind to smother

after a while he came to madrid and to the palac of the king
hoppity-kick hoppity-kick the littl half-chick skip past the
sentri at the gate and hoppity-kick hoppity-kick he cross the
court but as he wa pass the window of the kitchen the cook look
out and saw him

the veri thing for the king dinner! she said i wa need a
chicken! and she seiz the littl half-chick by hi one wing and threw
him into a kettl of water on the fire

the water came over the littl half-chick feather over hi head
into hi eye it wa terribl uncomfort the littl half-chick
cri out--

water dont drown me! stay down dont come so high!

but the water said littl half-chick littl half-chick when i wa
in troubl you would not help me and came higher than ever

now the water grew warm hot hotter fright hot; the littl
half-chick cri out do not burn so hot fire! you are burn me to
death! stop!

but the fire said littl half-chick littl half-chick when i wa in
troubl you would not help me and burn hotter than ever

just as the littl half-chick thought he must suffoc the cook took
the cover off to look at the dinner dear me she said thi chicken
is no good; it is burn to a cinder and she pick the littl
half-chick up by one leg and threw him out of the window

in the air he wa caught by a breez and taken up higher than the tree
round and round he wa twirl till he wa so dizzi he thought he must
perish dont blow me so wind he cri let me down!

littl half-chick littl half-chick said the wind when i wa in
troubl you would not help me! and the wind blew him straight up to the
top of the church steepl and stuck him there fast!

there he stand to thi day with hi one eye hi one wing and hi one
leg he cannot hoppity-kick ani more but he turn slowli round when the
wind blow and keep hi head toward it to hear what it say




the blackberry-bush


a littl boy sat at hi mother knee by the long western window
look out into the garden it wa autumn and the wind wa sad; and
the golden elm leav lay scatter about among the grass and on the
gravel path the mother wa knit a littl stocking; her finger
move the bright needles; but her eye were fix on the clear even
sky

as the dark gather the wee boy laid hi head on her lap and kept
so still that at last she lean forward to look into hi dear round
face he wa not asleep but wa watch veri earnestli a
blackberry-bush that wave it one tall dark-r spray in the wind
outsid the fenc

what are you think about my darling? she said smooth hi soft
honey-colour hair

the blackberry-bush mamma; what doe it say? it keep nod nod
to me behind the fence; what doe it say mamma?

it say she answer i see a happi littl boy in the warm
fire-light room the wind blow cold and here it is dark and lonely;
but that littl boy is warm and happi and safe at hi mother knee i
nod to him and he look at me i wonder if he know how happi he is!

see all my leav are dark crimson everi day they dri and wither
more and more; by and by they will be so weak they can scarc cling to
my branch and the north wind will tear them all away and nobodi will
rememb them ani more then the snow will sink down and wrap me close
then the snow will melt again and ici rain will cloth me and the
bitter wind will rattl my bare twig up and down

i nod my head to all who pass and dreari night and dreari day go
by; but in the happi hous so warm and bright the littl boy play all
day with book and toy hi mother and hi father cherish him; he
nestl on their knee in the red firelight at night while they read to
him love stori or sing sweet old song to him--th happi littl
boy! and outsid i peep over the snow and see a stream of ruddi light
from a crack in the window-shutt and i nod out here alon in the
dark think how beauti it is

and here i wait patient i take the snow and the rain and the cold
and i am not sorri but glad; for in my root i feel warmth and life
and i know that a store of green and beauti is shut up safe in my
small brown bud day and night go again and again; littl by littl the
snow melt all away; the ground grow soft; the sky is blue; the littl
bird fli over cri it is spring! it is spring! ah! then through
all my twig i feel the slow sap stir

warmer grow the sunbeam and softer the air the small blade of
grass creep thick about my feet; the sweet rain help to swell my
shine bud more and more i push forth my leav till out i burst in
a gay green dress and nod in joy and pride the littl boy come
run to look at me and cri oh mamma! the littl blackberry-bush
is aliv and beauti and green oh come and see! and i hear; and i
bow my head in the summer wind; and everi day they watch me grow more
beauti till at last i shake out blossom fair and fragrant

a few day more and i drop the white petal down among the grass
and lo! there are the green tini berries! care i hold them up to
the sun; care i gather the dew in the summer nights; slowli they
ripen; they grow larger and redder and darker and at last they are
black shine delici i hold them as high as i can for the littl
boy who come danc out he shout with joy and gather them in hi
dear hand; and he run to share them with hi mother say here is
what the patient blackberry-bush bore for us: see how nice mamma!

ah! then inde i am glad and would say if i could ye take them
dear littl boy; i kept them for you held them long up to the sun and
rain to make them sweet and ripe for you; and i nod and nod in full
content for my work is done from the window he watch me and think
there is the littl blackberry-bush that wa so kind to me i see it
and i love it i know it is safe out there nod all alon and next
summer it will hold ripe berri up for me to gather again

* * * * *

then the wee boy smile and said he like the littl stori hi mother
took him up in her arm and they went out to supper and left the
blackberry-bush nod up and down in the wind; and there it is
nod yet



the fairi


up the airi mountain
down the rushi glen
we darent go a-hunt
for fear of littl men
wee folk good folk
troop all together;
green jacket red cap
and white owl feather!

down along the rocki shore
some make their home--
they live on crispi pancak
of yellow tide-foam;
some in the reed
of the black mountain-lak
with frog for their watch-dog
all night awak

high on the hilltop
the old king sits;
he is now so old and gray
he nigh lost hi wit
with a bridg of white mist
columbkil he cross
on hi state journey
from slieveleagu to rosses;
or go up with music
on cold starri night
to sup with the queen
of the gay northern light

they stole littl bridget
for seven year long;
when she came down again
her friend were all gone
they took her lightli back
between the night and morrow;
they thought that she wa fast asleep
but she wa dead with sorrow
they have kept her ever sinc
deep within the lake
on a bed of flag-leav
watch till she wake

by the craggi hillsid
through the moss bare
they have plant thorn-tre
for pleasur here and there
is ani man so dare
as dig them up in spite
he shall find their sharpest thorn
in hi bed at night

up the airi mountain
down the rushi glen
we darent go a-hunt
for fear of littl men
wee folk good folk
troop all together;
green jacket red cap
and white owl feather!




the adventur of the littl field mous


onc upon a time there wa a littl brown field mouse; and one day he
wa out in the field to see what he could find he wa run along in
the grass poke hi nose into everyth and look with hi two eye
all about when he saw a smooth shini acorn lie in the grass it wa
such a fine shini littl acorn that he thought he would take it home
with him; so he put out hi paw to touch it but the littl acorn roll
away from him he ran after it but it kept roll on just ahead of
him till it came to a place where a big oak-tre had it root spread
all over the ground then it roll under a big round root

littl mr field mous ran to the root and poke hi nose under after the
acorn and there he saw a small round hole in the ground he slip
through and saw some stair go down into the earth the acorn wa
roll down with a soft tap sound ahead of him so down he went
too down down down roll the acorn and down down down went the
field mous until suddenli he saw a tini door at the foot of the
stair

the shini acorn roll to the door and struck against it with a tap
quickli the littl door open and the acorn roll insid the field
mous hurri as fast as he could down the last stair and push
through just as the door wa close it shut behind him and he wa in
a littl room and there befor him stood a queer littl red man! he
had a littl red cap and a littl red jacket and odd littl red shoe
with point at the toe

you are my prison he said to the field mous

what for? said the field mous

becaus you tri to steal my acorn said the littl red man

it is my acorn said the field mouse; i found it

no it isnt said the littl red man i have it; you will never see
it again

the littl field mous look all about the room as fast as he could
but he could not see ani acorn then he thought he would go back up the
tini stair to hi own home but the littl door wa lock and the
littl red man had the key and he said to the poor mouse--

you shall be my servant; you shall make my bed and sweep my room and
cook my broth

so the littl brown mous wa the littl red man servant and everi
day he made the littl red man bed and swept the littl red man room
and cook the littl red man broth and everi day the littl red man
went away through the tini door and did not come back till afternoon
but he alway lock the door after him and carri away the key

at last one day he wa in such a hurri that he turn the key befor
the door wa quit latch which of cours didnt lock it at all he
went away without noticing--h wa in such a hurri

the littl field mous knew that hi chanc had come to run away home
but he didnt want to go without the pretti shini acorn where it wa
he didnt know so he look everywher he open everi littl drawer
and look in but it wasnt in ani of the drawers; he peep on everi
shelf but it wasnt on a shelf; he hunt in everi closet but it
wasnt in there final he climb up on a chair and open a wee wee
door in the chimney-piece--and there it was!

he took it quickli in hi forepaw and then he took it in hi mouth
and then he ran away he push open the littl door; he climb up up
up the littl stairs; he came out through the hole under the root; he
ran and ran through the fields; and at last he came to hi own hous

when he wa in hi own hous he set the shini acorn on the tabl i
expect he set it down hard for all at onc with a littl snap it
opened!--exactli like a littl box

and what do you think! there wa a tini necklac inside! it wa a most
beauti tini necklac all made of jewel and it wa just big enough
for a ladi mous so the littl field mous gave the tini necklac to
hi littl mouse-sist she thought it wa perfectli love and when
she wasnt wear it she kept it in the shini acorn box

and the littl red man never knew what had becom of it becaus he
didnt know where the littl field mous live




anoth littl red hen


onc upon a time there wa a littl red hen who live on a farm all by
herself an old fox crafti and sli had a den in the rock on a hill
near her hous mani and mani a night thi old fox use to lie awak
and think to himself how good that littl red hen would tast if he
could onc get her in hi big kettl and boil her for dinner but he
couldnt catch the littl red hen becaus she wa too wise for him
everi time she went out to market she lock the door of the hous
behind her and as soon as she came in again she lock the door behind
her and put the key in her apron pocket where she kept her scissor and
some sugar candi

at last the old fox thought out a way to catch the littl red hen earli
in the morn he said to hi old mother have the kettl boil when
i come home to-night for ill be bring the littl red hen for
supper then he took a big bag and slung it over hi shoulder and
walk till he came to the littl red hen hous the littl red hen
wa just come out of her door to pick up a few stick for firewood so
the old fox hid behind the wood-pil and as soon as she bent down to
get a stick into the hous he slip and scurri behind the door

in a minut the littl red hen came quickli in and shut the door and
lock it im glad im safe in she said just as she said it she
turn round and there stood the ugli old fox with hi big bag over
hi shoulder whiff! how scare the littl red hen was! she drop her
apron of stick and flew up to the big beam across the ceil
there she perch and she said to the old fox down below you may as
well go home for you cant get me

cant i though! said the fox and what do you think he did? he stood
on the floor underneath the littl red hen and twirl round in a circl
after hi own tail and as he spun and spun and spun faster and
faster and faster the poor littl red hen got so dizzi watch him
that she couldnt hold on to the perch she drop off and the old fox
pick her up and put her in hi bag slung the bag over hi shoulder
and start for home where the kettl wa boil

he had a veri long way to go up hill and the littl red hen wa still
so dizzi that she didnt know where she wa but when the dizzi
began to go off she whisk her littl scissor out of her apron
pocket and snip! she cut a littl hole in the bag; then she poke her
head out and saw where she wa and as soon as they came to a good spot
she cut the hole bigger and jump out herself there wa a great big
stone lie there and the littl red hen pick it up and put it in the
bag as quick as a wink then she ran as fast as she could till she came
to her own littl farmhous and she went in and lock the door with
the big key

the old fox went on carri the stone and never knew the differ
my but it bump him well! he wa pretti tire when he got home but he
wa so pleas to think of the supper he wa go to have that he did
not mind that at all as soon as hi mother open the door he said is
the kettl boiling?

ye said hi mother; have you got the littl red hen?

i have said the old fox when i open the bag you hold the cover off
the kettl and ill shake the bag so that the hen will fall in and then
you pop the cover on befor she can jump out

all right said hi mean old mother; and she stood close by the
boil kettl readi to put the cover on

the fox lift the big heavi bag up till it wa over the open kettl
and gave it a shake splash! thump! splash! in went the stone and out
came the boil water all over the old fox and the old fox mother!

and they were scald to death

but the littl red hen live happili ever after in her own littl
farmhous





the stori of the littl rid hin


there wa oncet upon a time
a littl small rid hin
off in the good ould countri
where yee ha nivir bin

nice and quiet shure she wa
and nivir did ani harrum;
she live alan all be herself
and work upon her farrum

there live out oer the hill
in a great din o rock
a crafti shli and wick
ould folli iv a fox

thi rashkil iv a fox
he tuk it in hi head
hed have the littl rid hin:
so whin he wint to bed

he laid awak and thaught
what a foin thing twad be
to fetch her home and bile her up
for hi ould marm and he

and so he thaught and thaught
until he grew so thin
that there wa nothin left of him
but jist hi bone and shkin

but the small rid hin wa wise
she alway lock her door
and in her pocket pit the key
to keep the fox out shure

but at last there came a schame
intil hi wick head
and he tuk a great big bag
and to hi mither said--

now have the pot all bilin
agin the time i come;
well ate the small rid hin to-night
for shure ill bring her home

and so away he wint
wid the bag upon hi back
an up the hill and through the wood
saftli he made hi track

an thin he came alang
crape as shtill a mous
to where the littl small rid hin
live in her shnug ould hous

an out she come hersel
jist as he got in sight
to pick up shtick to make her fire:
aha! say fox all right

begorra now ill have yee
widout much throubl more;
an in he shlip quit unbeknownst
an hide beind the door

an thin a minut afther
in come the small rid hin
an shut the door and lock it too
an think im safe in

an thin she tarn around
an look beind the door;
there shtand the fox wid hi big tail
shpread out upon the floor

dear me! she wa so schare
wid such a wondrou sight
she drop her apron of shtick
an flew up in a fright

an light on the bame
across on top the room;
aha! say she ye dont have me;
ye may as well go home

aha! say fox well see;
ill bring yee down from that
so out he march upon the floor
right under where she sat

an thin he whirul around
an round an round an round
fashter an fashter an fashter
afther hi tail on the ground

until the small rid hin
she got so dizzi shure
wid lookin at the fox tail
she jist drop on the floor

an fox he whip her up
an pit her in hi bag
an off he start all alon
him and hi littl dag

all day he track the wood
up hill an down again;
an wid him shmotherin in the bag
the littl small rid hin

sorra a know she know
awher she wa that day;
say she im bile an ate up shure
an whatll be to pay?

thin she bethot hersel
an tuk her schissor out
an shnip a big hole in the bag
so she could look about

an fore ould fox could think
she lept right out--sh did
an thin pick up a great big shtone
an pop it in instid

an thin she rin off home
her outsid door she locks;
think she you see you dont have me
you crafti shli ould fox

an fox he tug away
wid the great big hivi shtone
thimpin hi shoulder veri bad
as he wint in alon

an whin he came in sight
o hi great din o rock
jist watchin for him at the door
he shpi ould mither fox

have ye the pot a-bilin?
say he to ould fox thin;
shure an it is me child say she;
have ye the small rid hin?

ye jist here in me bag
as shure as i shtand here;
open the lid till i pit her in:
open it--nivir fear

so the rashkil cut the shtring
an hild the big bag over;
now when i shake it in say he
do ye pit on the cover

yi that i will; an thin
the shtone wint in wid a dash
an the pot o bilin wather
came over them ker-splash

an schalt em both to death
so they couldnt brath no more;
an the littl small rid hin live safe
jist where she live befor




the stori of epaminonda and hi aunti


epaminonda use to go to see hi aunti most everi day and she nearli
alway gave him someth to take home to hi mammi

one day she gave him a big piec of cake; nice yellow rich gold-cak

epaminonda took it in hi fist and held it all crunch up tight like
thi and came along home by the time he got home there wasnt anyth
left but a fist of crumb hi mammi said--

what you got there epaminondas?

cake mammi said epaminonda

cake! said hi mammi epaminonda you aint got the sens you wa
born with! that no way to carri cake the way to carri cake is to wrap
it all up nice in some leav and put it in your hat and put your hat
on your head and come along home you hear me epaminondas?

ye mammi said epaminonda

next day epaminonda went to see hi aunti and she gave him a pound of
butter for hi mammy; fine fresh sweet butter

epaminonda wrap it up in leav and put it in hi hat and put hi
hat on hi head and came along home it wa a veri hot day pretti soon
the butter began to melt it melt and melt and as it melt it ran
down epaminonda forehead; then it ran over hi face and in hi ear
and down hi neck when he got home all the butter epaminonda had wa
_on him_ hi mammi look at him and then she said--

law sake! epaminonda what you got in your hat?

butter mammi said epaminondas; aunti gave it to me

butter! said hi mammi epaminonda you aint got the sens you wa
born with! dont you know that no way to carri butter? the way to
carri butter is to wrap it up in some leav and take it down to the
brook and cool it in the water and cool it in the water and cool it
in the water and then take it on your hand care and bring it
along home

ye mammi said epaminonda

by and by anoth day epaminonda went to see hi aunti again and;
thi time she gave him a littl new puppy-dog to take home

epaminonda put it in some leav and took it down to the brook; and
there he cool it in the water and cool it in the water and cool
it in the water; then he took it in hi hand and came along home when
he got home the puppy-dog wa dead hi mammi look at it and she
said--

law sake! epaminonda what you got there?

a puppy-dog mammi said epaminonda

a _puppy-dog_! said hi mammi my graciou sake aliv epaminonda
you aint got the sens you wa born with! that aint the way to carri a
puppy-dog! the way to carri a puppy-dog is to take a long piec of
string and tie one end of it round the puppy-dog neck and put the
puppy-dog on the ground and take hold of the other end of the string
and come along home like thi

all right mammi said epaminonda

next day epaminonda went to see hi aunti again and when he came to
go home she gave him a loaf of bread to carri to hi mammy; a brown
fresh crusti loaf of bread

so epaminonda tie a string around the end of the loaf and took hold of
the end of the string and came along home like thi (imit drag
someth along the ground) when he got home hi mammi look at the
thing on the end of the string and she said--

my law a-massy! epaminonda what you got on the end of that string?

bread mammi said epaminondas; aunti gave it to me

bread!!! said hi mammi o epaminonda epaminonda you aint got
the sens you wa born with; you never did have the sens you wa born
with; you never will have the sens you wa born with! now i aint gwine
tell you ani more way to bring truck home and dont you go see your
aunti neither ill go see her my own self but ill just tell you one
thing epaminondas! you see these here six minc pie i done make? you
see how i done set em on the doorstep to cool? well now you hear me
epaminonda _you be care how you step on those pies_!

ye mammi said epaminonda

then epaminonda mammi put on her bonnet and her shawl and took a
basket in her hand and went away to see aunti the six minc pie sat
cool in a row on the doorstep

and then--and then--epaminonda _was_ care how he step on those
pies!

he step (imitate)--right--in--the--middle--of--every--on

* * * * *

and do you know children nobodi know what happen next! the person
who told me the stori didnt know; nobodi know but you can guess




the boy who cri wolf!


there wa onc a shepherd-boy who kept hi flock at a littl distanc
from the villag onc he thought he would play a trick on the villag
and have some fun at their expens so he ran toward the villag cri
out with all hi might--

wolf! wolf! come and help! the wolv are at my lambs!

the kind villag left their work and ran to the field to help him but
when they got there the boy laugh at them for their pains; there wa
no wolf there

still anoth day the boy tri the same trick and the villag came
run to help and got laugh at again

then one day a wolf did break into the fold and began kill the lamb
in great fright the boy ran for help wolf! wolf! he scream there
is a wolf in the flock! help!

the villag heard him but they thought it wa anoth mean trick; no
one paid the least attent or went near him and the shepherd-boy
lost all hi sheep

that is the kind of thing that happen to peopl who lie: even when they
tell the truth no one believ them




the frog king


did you ever hear the old stori about the foolish frogs? the frog in a
certain swamp decid that they need a king; they had alway got along
perfectli well without one but they suddenli made up their mind that a
king they must have they sent a messeng to jove and beg him to
send a king to rule over them

jove saw how stupid they were and sent a king who could not harm them:
he toss a big log into the middl of the pond

at the splash the frog were terribl frighten and dive into their
hole to hide from king log but after a while when they saw that the
king never move they got over their fright and went and sat on him
and as soon as they found he realli could not hurt them they began to
despis him; and final they sent anoth messeng to jove to ask for
a new king

jove sent an eel

the frog were much pleas and a good deal frighten when king eel
came wriggl and swim among them but as the day went on and the
eel wa perfectli harmless they stop be afraid; and as soon as
they stop fear king eel they stop respect him

soon they sent a third messeng to jove and beg that they might
have a better king--a king who wa worth while

it wa too much; jove wa angri at their stupid at last i will give
you a king such as you deserve! he said; and he sent them a stork

as soon as the frog came to the surfac to greet the new king king
stork caught them in hi long bill and gobbl them up one after
anoth they came bob up and one after anoth the stork ate them
he wa inde a king worthi of them!




the sun and the wind


the sun and the wind onc had a quarrel as to which wa the stronger
each believ himself to be the more power while they were argu
they saw a travel walk along the countri highway wear a great
cloak

here is a chanc to test our strength said the wind; let us see
which of us is strong enough to make that travel take off hi cloak;
the one who can do that shall be acknowledg the more power

agre said the sun

instantli the wind began to blow; he puf and tug at the man
cloak and rais a storm of hail and rain to beat at it but the
colder it grew and the more it storm the tighter the travel held
hi cloak around him the wind could not get it off

now it wa the sun turn he shone with all hi beam on the man
shoulder as it grew hotter and hotter the man unfasten hi cloak;
then he threw it back; at last he took it off! the sun had won




the littl jackal and the allig


the littl jackal wa veri fond of shell-fish he use to go down by the
river and hunt along the edg for crab and such thing and onc when
he wa hunt for crab he wa so hungri that he put hi paw into the
water after a crab without look first--which you never should do!
the minut he put in hi paw _snap_!--th big allig who live in
the mud down there had it in hi jaw

oh dear! thought the littl jackal; the big allig ha my paw in
hi mouth! in anoth minut he will pull me down and gobbl me up! what
shall i do? what shall i do? then he thought suddenli ill deceiv
him!

so he put on a veri cheer voic as if noth at all were the
matter and he said--

ho! ho! clever mr alligator! smart mr allig to take that old
bulrush root for my paw! i hope youll find it veri tender!

the old allig wa hidden away beneath the mud and bulrush leav
and he couldnt see anyth he thought pshaw! ive made a mistak
so he open hi mouth and let the littl jackal go

the littl jackal ran away as fast as he could and as he ran he call
out--

thank you mr alligator! kind mr alligator! _so_ kind of you to let me
go!

the old allig lash with hi tail and snap with hi jaw but it
wa too late; the littl jackal wa out of reach

after thi the littl jackal kept away from the river out of danger
but after about a week he got such an appetit for crab that noth
els would do at all; he felt that he must have a crab so he went down
by the river and look all around veri care he didnt see the
old allig but he thought to himself i think ill not take ani
chanc so he stood still and began to talk out loud to himself he
said--

when i dont see ani littl crab on the land i gener see them
stick out of the water and then i put my paw in and catch them i
wonder if there are ani fat littl crab in the water to-day?

the old allig wa hidden down in the mud at the bottom of the river
and when he heard what the littl jackal said he thought aha! ill
pretend to be a littl crab and when he put hi paw in ill make my
dinner of him so he stuck the black end of hi snout abov the water
and wait

the littl jackal took one look and then he said--

thank you mr alligator! kind mr alligator! you are _exceedingly_ kind
to show me where you are! i will have dinner elsewher and he ran away
like the wind

the old allig foam at the mouth he wa so angri but the littl
jackal wa gone

for two whole week the littl jackal kept away from the river then
one day he got a feel insid him that noth but crab could
satisfy: he felt that he must have at least one crab veri cautious
he went down to the river and look all around he saw no sign of the
old allig still he did not mean to take ani chanc so he stood
quit still and began to talk to himself--it wa a littl way he had
he said--

when i dont see ani littl crab on the shore or stick up out of
the water i usual see them blow bubbl from under the water; the
littl bubbl go _puff puff puff_ and then they go _pop pop pop_
and they show me where the littl juici crab are so i can put my paw
in and catch them i wonder if i shall see ani littl bubbl to-day?

the old allig lie low in the mud and weed heard thi and he
thought pooh! _thats_ easi enough; ill just blow some littl
crab-bubbl and then he will put hi paw in where i can get it

so he blew and he blew a mighti blast and the bubbl rose in a
perfect whirlpool fizz and swirl

the littl jackal didnt have to be told who wa underneath those
bubbles: he took one quick look and off he ran but as he went he
sang--

thank you mr alligator! kind mr alligator! you are the kindest
allig in the world to show me where you are so nicely! ill
breakfast at anoth part of the river

the old allig wa so furiou that he crawl up on the bank and went
after the littl jackal; but dear dear he couldnt catch the littl
jackal; he ran far too fast

after thi the littl jackal did not like to risk go near the water
so he ate no more crab but he found a garden of wild fig which were
so good that he went there everi day and ate them instead of
shell-fish

now the old allig found thi out and he made up hi mind to have
the littl jackal for supper or to die tri so he crept and
crawl and drag himself over the ground to the garden of wild fig
there he made a huge pile of fig under the biggest of the wild fig
tree and hid himself in the pile

after a while the littl jackal came danc into the garden veri happi
and free from care--_but_ look all around he saw the huge pile of
fig under the big fig tree

h-m he thought that look singularli like my friend the allig
ill investig a bit

he stood quit still and began to talk to himself--it wa a littl way
he had he said--

the littl fig i like best are the fat ripe juici one that drop off
when the breez blows; and then the wind blow them about on the ground
thi way and that; the great heap of fig over there is so still that i
think they must be all bad fig

the old allig underneath hi fig pile thought--

bother the suspici littl jackal! i shall have to make these fig
roll about so that he will think the wind move them and straight-way
he hump himself up and move and sent the littl fig flying--and
hi back show through

the littl jackal did not wait for a second look he ran out of the
garden like the wind but as he ran he call back--

thank you again mr alligator; veri sweet of you to show me where you
are; i cant stay to thank you as i should like: good-bye!

at thi the old allig wa besid himself with rage he vow that he
would have the littl jackal for supper thi time come what might so
he crept and crawl over the ground till he came to the littl jackal
hous then he crept and crawl insid and hid himself there in the
hous to wait till the littl jackal should come home

by and by the littl jackal came danc home happi and free from
care--_but_ look all around present as he came along he saw
that the ground wa all rake up as if someth veri heavi had been
drag over it the littl jackal stop and look

what this? what this? he said

then he saw that the door of hi hous wa crush at the side and
broken as if someth veri big had gone through it

what this? what this? the littl jackal said i think ill
investig a little!

so he stood quit still and began to talk to himself (you rememb it
wa a littl way he had) but loudli he said--

how strang that my littl hous doesnt speak to me! whi dont you
speak to me littl house? you alway speak to me if everyth is all
right when i come home i wonder if anyth is wrong with my littl
house?

the old allig thought to himself that he must certainli pretend to
be the littl hous or the littl jackal would never come in so he put
on as pleasant a voic as he could (which is not say much) and
said--

hullo littl jackal!

oh! when the littl jackal heard that he wa frighten enough for
onc

it the old allig he said and if i dont make an end of him
thi time he will certainli make an end of me what shall i do?

he thought veri fast then he spoke out pleasantli

thank you littl hous he said it good to hear your pretti
voic dear littl hous and i will be in with you in a minute; onli
first i must gather some firewood for dinner

then he went and gather firewood and more firewood and more
firewood; and he pile it all up solid against the door and round the
house; and then he set fire to it!

and it smoke and burn till it smoke that old allig to smoke
herring!





the lark in the cornfield


there wa onc a famili of littl lark who live with their mother in a
nest in a cornfield when the corn wa ripe the mother lark watch veri
care to see if there were ani sign of the reaper come for she
knew that when they came their sharp knive would cut down the nest and
hurt the babi lark so everi day when she went out for food she told
the littl lark to look and listen veri close to everyth that
went on and to tell her all they saw and heard when she came home

one day when she came home the littl lark were much frighten

oh mother dear mother they said you must move us away to-night!
the farmer wa in the field to-day and he said the corn is readi to
cut; we must call in the neighbour to help and then he told hi son
to go out to-night and ask all the neighbour to come and reap the corn
to-morrow

the mother lark laugh dont be frighten she said; if he wait
for hi neighbour to reap the corn we shall have plenti of time to
move; tell me what he say to-morrow

the next night the littl lark were quit trembl with fear; the
moment their mother got home they cri out mother you must sure
move us to-night! the farmer came to-day and said the corn is get
too ripe; we cannot wait for our neighbours; we must ask our rel
to help us and then he call hi son and told him to ask all the
uncl and cousin to come to-morrow and cut the corn shall we not move
to-night?

dont worri said the mother lark; the uncl and cousin have plenti
of reap to do for themselves; well not move yet

the third night when the mother lark came home the babi lark said
mother dear the farmer came to the field to-day and when he look
at the corn he wa quit angry; he said thi will never do! the corn
is get too ripe; it no use to wait for our rel we shall
have to cut thi corn ourselv and then he call hi son and said
go out to-night and hire reaper and to-morrow we will begin to cut

well said the mother that is anoth story; when a man begin to do
hi own busi instead of ask somebodi els to do it thing get
done i will move you out to-night




a true stori about a girl


onc there were four littl girl who live in a big bare hous in the
countri they were veri poor but they had the happiest time you ever
heard of becaus they were veri rich in everyth except money they
had a wonder wise father who knew stori to tell and who taught
them their lesson in such a beauti way that it wa better than play;
they had a love merri kind mother who wa never too tire to help
them work or watch them play; and they had all the great green countri
to play in there were dark shadowi wood and field of flower and a
river and there wa a big barn

one of the littl girl wa name louisa she wa veri pretti and ever
so strong; she could run for mile through the wood and not get tire
she had a splendid brain in her littl head; it like studi and it
thought interest thought all day long

louisa like to sit in a corner by herself sometim and write
thought in her diary; all the littl girl kept diari she like to
make up stori out of her own head and sometim she made vers

when the four littl sister had finish their lesson and had help
their mother wash up and sew they use to go to the big barn to play;
and the best play of all wa theatric louisa like theatric
better than anyth

they made the barn into a theatr and the grown-up peopl came to see
the play they act they use to climb up on the hay-loft for a stage
and the grown peopl sat in chair on the floor it wa great fun one
of the play they act wa _jack and the beanstalk_ they had a ladder
from the floor to the loft and on the ladder they tie a vine all the
way up to the loft to look like the wonder beanstalk one of the
littl girl wa dress up to look like jack and she act that part
when it came to the place in the stori where the giant tri to follow
jack the littl girl cut down the beanstalk and down came the giant
tumbl from the loft the giant wa made out of pillow with a great
fierc head of paper and funni cloth

anoth stori that they act wa _cinderella_ they made a wonder
big pumpkin out of the wheelbarrow trim with yellow paper and
cinderella roll away in it when the fairi godmoth wave her wand

one other beauti stori they use to play it wa the stori of
_pilgrim progress_; if you have never heard it you must be sure to
read it as soon as you can read well enough to understand the
old-fashion word the littl girl use to put shell in their hat
for a sign they were on a pilgrimag as the old pilgrim use to do;
then they made journey over the hill behind the hous and through the
wood and down the lanes; and when the pilgrimag wa over they had
appl and nut to eat in the happi land of home

louisa love all these play and she made some of her own and wrote
them down so that the children could act them

but better than fun or write louisa love her mother and by and by
as the littl girl began to grow into a big girl she felt veri sad to
see her dear mother work so hard she help all she could with the
housework but noth could realli help the tire mother except money;
she need money for food and cloth and someon grown up to help in
the hous but there never wa enough money for these thing and
louisa mother grew more and more weari and sometim ill i cannot
tell you how much louisa suffer over thi

at last as louisa thought about it she came to care more about help
her mother and her father and her sister than about anyth els in
all the world and she began to work veri hard to earn money she sew
for peopl and when she wa a littl older she taught some littl girl
their lesson and then she wrote stori for the paper everi bit of
money she earn except what she had to use she gave to her dear
famili it help veri much but it wa so littl that louisa never felt
as if she were do anyth

everi year she grew more unselfish and everi year she work harder
she like write stori best of all her work but she did not get much
money for them and some peopl told her she wa wast her time

at last one day a publish ask louisa who wa now a woman to
write a book for girl louisa wa not veri well and she wa veri
tire but she alway said ill tri when she had a chanc to work;
so she said ill tri to the publish when she thought about the
book she rememb the good time she use to have with her sister in
the big bare hous in the countri and so she wrote a stori and put all
that in it; she put her dear mother and her wise father in it and all
the littl sister and besid the jolli time and the play she put
the sad hard time in--th work and worri and go without thing

when the book wa written she call it _littl women_ and sent it to
the publish

and children the littl book made louisa famou it wa so sweet and
funni and sad and real--lik our own lives--that everybodi want to
read it everybodi bought it and much money came from it after so mani
year littl louisa wish came true: she bought a nice hous for her
family; she sent one of her sister to europ to study; she gave her
father books; but best of all she wa abl to see to it that the
belov mother so tire and so ill could have rest and happi
never again did the dear mother have to do ani hard work and she had
pretti thing about her all the rest of her life

louisa alcott for that wa louisa name wrote mani beauti book
after thi and she becam one of the most famou women of america but
i think the most beauti thing about her is what i have been tell
you: that she love her mother so well that she gave her whole life to
make her happi




my kingdom


the littl louisa i told you about who wrote vers and stori in her
diari use to like to play that she wa a princess and that her
kingdom wa her own mind when she had unkind or dissatisfi thought
she tri to get rid of them by play they were enemi of the
kingdom; and she drove them out with soldiers; the soldier were
patienc duti and love it use to help louisa to be good to play
thi and i think it may have help make her the splendid woman she wa
afterward mayb you would like to hear a poem she wrote about it when
she wa onli fourteen year old it will help you too to think the
same thought

a littl kingdom i possess
where thought and feel dwell
and veri hard i find the task
of govern it well;
for passion tempt and troubl me
a wayward will mislead
and selfish it shadow cast
on all my word and deed

how can i learn to rule myself
to be the child i should
honest and brave nor ever tire
of tri to be good?
how can i keep a sunni soul
to shine along life way?
how can i tune my littl heart
to sweetli sing all day?

dear father help me with the love
that casteth out my fear
teach me to lean on thee and feel
that thou art veri near
that no temptat is unseen
no childish grief too small
sinc thou with patienc infinit
doth sooth and comfort all

i do not ask for ani crown
but that which all may win
nor seek to conquer ani world
except the one within
be thou my guid until i find
led by a tender hand
thi happi kingdom in _myself_
and dare to take command





piccola


poor sweet piccola! did you hear
what happen to piccola children dear?
ti seldom fortun such favour grant
as fell to thi littl maid of franc

twa christmas-tim and her parent poor
could hardli drive the wolf from the door
strive with poverti patient pain
onli to live till summer again

no gift for piccola! sad were they
when dawn the morn of christmas-day;
their littl darl no joy might stir
st nichola noth would bring to her!

but piccola never doubt at all
that someth beauti must befal
everi child upon christmas-day
and so she slept till the dawn wa gray

and full of faith when at last she woke
she stole to her shoe as the morn broke;
such sound of glad fill all the air
twa plain st nichola had been there!

in rush piccola sweet half wild:
never wa seen such a joy child
see what the good saint brought! she cri
and mother and father must peep insid

now such a stori who ever heard?
there wa a littl shiver bird!
a sparrow that in at the window flew
had crept into piccola tini shoe!

how good poor piccola must have been!
she cri as happi as ani queen
while the starv sparrow she fed and warm
and danc with raptur she wa so charm

children thi stori i tell to you
of piccola sweet and her bird is true
in the far-off land of franc they say
still do they live to thi veri day





the littl fir tree


when i wa a veri littl girl some one probabl my mother read to me
han christian andersen stori of the littl fir tree it happen that
i did not read it for myself or hear it again dure my childhood one
christma day when i wa grown up i found myself at a loss for the
one more stori call for by some littl children with whom i wa
spend the holiday in the mental search for buri treasur which
ensu i came upon one or two word-impress of the experi of
the littl fir tree and forthwith wove them into what i suppos to be
someth of a reproduct of the origin the latter part of the
stori had wholli fade from my memori so that i made up to suit the
tast of my audienc afterward i told the stori to a good mani
children at one time or anoth and it gradual took the shape it ha
here it wa not until sever year later that in reread andersen
for other purpos i came upon the real stori of the littl fir tree
and read it for myself then inde i wa amus and somewhat
distress to find how far i had wander from the text

i give thi explan that the reader may know i do not presum to
offer the littl tale which follow as an adapt of andersen
famou stori i offer it plainli as a stori which children have like
and which grew out of my earli memori of andersen _the littl fir
tree_

onc there wa a littl fir tree slim and point and shini which
stood in the great forest in the midst of some big fir tree broad and
tall and shadowi green the littl fir tree wa veri unhappi becaus he
wa not big like the other when the bird came fli into the wood
and lit on the branch of the big tree and built their nest there he
use to call up to them--

come down come down rest in my branches! but they alway said--

oh no no; you are too little!

when the splendid wind came blow and sing through the forest it
bent and rock and swung the top of the big tree and murmur to
them then the littl fir tree look up and called--

oh pleas dear wind come down and play with me! but he alway
said--

oh no; you are too littl you are too little!

in the winter the white snow fell softli softli and cover the great
tree all over with wonder cap and coat of white the littl fir
tree close down in the cover of the other would call up--

oh pleas dear snow give me a cap too! i want to play too! but
the snow alway said--

oh no no no; you are too littl you are too little!

the worst of all wa when men came into the wood with sledg and team
of hors they came to cut the big tree down and carri them away
whenev one had been cut down and carri away the other talk about
it and nod their head and the littl fir tree listen and heard
them say that when you were carri away so you might becom the mast
of a mighti ship and go far away over the ocean and see mani wonder
things; or you might be part of a fine hous in a great citi and see
much of life the littl fir tree want greatli to see life but he
wa alway too little; the men pass him by

but by and by one cold winter morn men came with a sledg and
hors and after they had cut here and there they came to the circl of
tree round the littl fir tree and look all about

there are none littl enough they said

oh! how the littl fir tree prick up hi needles!

here is one said one of the men it is just littl enough and he
touch the littl fir tree

the littl fir tree wa happi as a bird becaus he knew they were about
to cut him down and when he wa be carri away on the sledg he lay
wonder _so_ contentedli whether he should be the mast of a ship or
part of a fine citi hous but when they came to the town he wa taken
out and set upright in a tub and place on the edg of a path in a row
of other fir tree all small but none so littl as he and then the
littl fir tree began to see life

peopl kept come to look at the tree and to take them away but
alway when they saw the littl fir tree they shook their head and
said--

it is too littl too littl

until final two children came along hand in hand look
care at all the small tree when they saw the littl fir tree they
cri out--

well take thi one; it is just littl enough!

they took him out of hi tub and carri him away between them and the
happi littl fir tree spent all hi time wonder what it could be that
he wa just littl enough for; he knew it could hardli be a mast or a
hous sinc he wa go away with children

he kept wonder while they took him in through some big door and
set him up in anoth tub on the tabl in a bare littl room veri
soon they went away and came back again with a big basket which they
carri between them then some pretti ladi with white cap on their
head and white apron over their blue dress came bring littl
parcel the children took thing out of the basket and began to play
with the littl fir tree just as he had often beg the wind and the
snow and the bird to do he felt their soft littl touch on hi head
and hi twig and hi branch when he look down at himself as far
as he could look he saw that he wa all hung with gold and silver
chains! there were string of white fluffi stuff droop around him;
hi twig held littl gold nut and pink rosi ball and silver stars;
he had pretti littl pink and white candl in hi arms; but last and
most wonder of all the children hung a beauti white float
doll-angel over hi head! the littl fir tree could not breath for joy
and wonder what wa it that he wa now? whi wa thi glori for him?

after a time everi one went away and left him it grew dusk and the
littl fir tree began to hear strang sound through the close door
sometim he heard a child cri he wa begin to be lone it
grew more and more shadowi

all at onc the door open and the two children came in two of the
pretti ladi were with them they came up to the littl fir tree and
quickli light all the littl pink and white candl then the two
pretti ladi took hold of the tabl with the littl fir tree on it and
push it veri smoothli and quickli out of the door across a hall
and in at anoth door

the littl fir tree had a sudden sight of a long room with mani littl
white bed in it of children prop up on pillow in the bed and of
other children in great wheel chair and other hobbl about or
sit in littl chair he wonder whi all the littl children look
so white and tired; he did not know that he wa in a hospit but
befor he could wonder ani more hi breath wa quit taken away by the
shout those littl white children gave

oh! oh! m-m! m-m! they cri

how pretty! how beautiful! oh isnt it lovely!

he knew they must mean him for all their shine eye were look
straight at him he stood as straight as a mast and quiver in everi
needl for joy present one littl weak child-voic call out--

it the nicest christma tree i ever saw!

and then at last the littl fir tree knew what he was; he wa a
christma tree! and from hi shini head to hi feet he wa glad through
and through becaus he wa just littl enough to be the nicest kind of
tree in the world!




how mose wa save


thousand of year ago mani year befor david live there wa a veri
wise and good man of hi peopl who wa a friend and advis of the king
of egypt and for love of thi friend the king of egypt had let number
of the israelit settl in hi land but after the king and hi
israelitish friend were dead there wa a new king who hate the
israelit when he saw how strong they were and how mani there were of
them he began to be afraid that some day they might number more than
the egyptian and might take hi land from him

then he and hi ruler did a wick thing they made the israelit
slave and they gave them terribl task to do without proper rest or
food or cloth for they hope that the hardship would kill off the
israelit they thought the old men would die and the young men be so
ill and weari that they could not bring up famili and so the race
would dwindl away

but in spite of the work and suffer the israelit remain strong
and more and more boy grew up to make the king afraid

then he did the most wick thing of all he order hi soldier to
kill everi boy babi that should be born in an israelitish family; he did
not care about the girl becaus they could not grow up to fight

veri soon after thi wick order a boy babi wa born in a certain
israelitish famili when hi mother first look at him her heart wa
nearli broken for he wa even more beauti than most babi are--so
strong and fair and sweet but he wa a boy! how could she save him from
death?

somehow she contriv to keep him hidden for three whole month but at
the end of that time she saw that it would not be possibl to keep him
safe ani longer she had been think all thi time about what she
should do and now she carri out her plan

first she took a basket made of bulrush and daub it all over with
pitch so that it wa water-tight and then she laid the babi in it;
then she carri it to the edg of the river and laid it in the flag by
the river brink it did not show at all unless one were quit near
it then she kiss her littl son and left him there but hi sister
stood far off not seem to watch but realli watch care to
see what would happen to the babi

soon there wa the sound of talk and laughter and a train of beauti
women came down to the water edg it wa the king daughter come
down to bath in the river with her maiden the maiden walk along
by the river side

as the king daughter came near to the water she saw the strang
littl basket lie in the flag and she sent her maid to bring it to
her and when she had open it she saw the child; the poor babi wa
cri when she saw him so helpless and so beauti cri for hi
mother the king daughter piti him and love him she knew the cruel
order of her father and she said at onc thi is one of the hebrew
children

at that moment the babi sister came to the princess and said shall i
go and find thee a nurs from the hebrew women so that she may nurs
the child for thee? not a word did she say about whose child it wa
but perhap the princess guessed; i dont know at all event she told
the littl girl to go

so the maiden went and brought her mother!

then the king daughter said to the babi mother take thi child
away and nurs it for me and i will give thee wage

wa not that a strang thing? and can you think how happi the babi
mother was? for now the babi would be known onli as the princesss
adopt child and would be safe

and it wa so the mother kept him until he wa old enough to be taken
to the princesss palac then he wa brought and given to the king
daughter and he becam her son and she name him mose

but the strangest part of the whole stori is that when mose grew to be
a man he becam so strong and wise that it wa he who at last save hi
peopl from the king and rescu them from the egyptian the one child
save by the king own daughter wa the veri one the king would most
have want to kill if he had known




the ten fairi


onc upon a time there wa a dear littl girl whose name wa elsa
elsa father and mother work veri hard and becam rich but they
love elsa so much that they did not like her to do ani work; veri
foolishli they let her play all the time so when elsa grew up she did
not know how to do anything; she could not make bread she could not
sweep a room she could not sew a seam; she could onli laugh and sing
but she wa so sweet and merri that everybodi love her and by and by
she marri one of the peopl who love her and had a hous of her own
to take care of

then then my dear came hard time for elsa! there were so mani
thing to be done in the hous and she did not know how to do ani of
them! and becaus she had never work at all it made her veri tire
even to try; she wa tire befor the morn wa over everi day the
maid would come and say how shall i do this? or how shall i do
that? and elsa would have to say i dont know then the maid would
pretend that she did not know either; and when she saw her mistress
sit about do noth she too sat about idl

elsa husband had a hard time of it; he had onli poor food to eat and
it wa not readi at the right time and the hous look all in a
muddl it made him sad and that made elsa sad for she want to do
everyth just right

at last one day elsa husband went away quit cross; he said to her
as he went out of the door it is no wonder that the hous look so
when you sit all day with your hand in your lap!

littl elsa cri bitterli when he wa gone for she did not want to
make her husband unhappi and cross and she want the hous to look
nice oh dear she sob i wish i could do thing right! i wish i
could work! i wish--i wish i had ten good fairi to work for me! then i
could keep the house!

as she said the word a great grey man stood befor her; he wa wrap
in a strang grey cloak that cover him from head to foot; and he
smile at elsa what is the matter dear? he said whi do you cry?

oh i am cri becaus i do not know how to keep the hous said
elsa i cannot make bread i cannot sweep i cannot sew a seam; when i
wa a littl girl i never learn to work and now i cannot do anyth
right i wish i had ten good fairi to help me!

you shall have them dear said the grey man and he shook hi strang
grey cloak pouf! out hop ten tini fairi no bigger than that!

these shall be your servant elsa said the grey man; they are
faith and clever and they will do everyth you want them to just
right but the neighbour might stare and ask question if they saw
these littl chap run about your hous so i will hide them away
for you give me your littl useless hand

wonder elsa stretch out her pretti littl white hand

now stretch out your littl useless finger dear!

elsa stretch out her pretti pink finger

the grey man touch each one of the ten littl finger and as he
touch them he said their names: littl thumb; forefinger;
thimble-finger; ring-finger; littl finger; littl thumb; forefinger;
thimble-finger; ring-finger; littl finger! and as he name the
finger one after anoth the tini fairi bow their tini heads;
there wa a fairi for everi name

hop! hide yourselv away! said the grey man

hop hop! the fairi sprang to elsa knee then to the palm of her
hand and then--whisk! they were all hidden away in her littl pink
finger a fairi in everi finger! and the grey man wa gone

elsa sat and look with wonder at her littl white hand and the ten
useless finger but suddenli the littl finger began to stir the tini
fairi who were hidden away there were not use to remain still and
they were get restless they stir so that elsa jump up and ran
to the cook tabl and took hold of the bread board no sooner had
she touch the bread board than the littl fairi began to work: they
measur the flour mix the bread knead the loav and set them to
rise quicker than you could wink; and when the bread wa done it wa
as nice as you could wish then the littl fairy-fing seiz the
broom and in a twinkl they were make the hous clean and so it
went all day elsa flew about from one thing to anoth and the ten
fairi did the work just right

when the maid saw her mistress work she began to work too; and when
she saw how beauti everyth wa done she wa asham to do
anyth badli herself in a littl while the housework wa go
smoothli and elsa could laugh and sing again

there wa no more cross in that hous elsa husband grew so proud
of her that he went about say to everybodi my grandmoth wa a
fine housekeep and my mother wa a fine housekeep but neither of
them could hold a candl to my wife she ha onli one maid but to see
the work done you would think she had as mani servant as she ha
finger on her hands!

when elsa heard that she use to laugh but she never never told



the elv and the shoemak


onc upon a time there wa an honest shoemak who wa veri poor he
work as hard as he could and still he could not earn enough to keep
himself and hi wife at last there came a day when he had noth left
but one piec of leather big enough to make one pair of shoe he cut
out the shoe readi to stitch and left them on the bench; then he said
hi prayer and went to bed trust that he could finish the shoe on
the next day and sell them

bright and earli the next morn he rose and went to hi work bench
there lay a pair of shoe beauti made and the leather wa gone!
there wa no sign of anyon have been there the shoemak and hi
wife did not know what to make of it but the first custom who came
wa so pleas with the beauti shoe that he bought them and paid so
much that the shoemak wa abl to buy leather enough for two pair

happili he cut them out and then as it wa late he left the piec
on the bench readi to sew in the morn but when morn came two
pair of shoe lay on the bench most beauti made and no sign of
anyon who had been there the shoemak and hi wife were quit at a
loss

that day a custom came and bought both pair and paid so much for
them that the shoemak bought leather for four pair with the money

onc more he cut out the shoe and left them on the bench and in the
morn all four pair were made

it went on like thi until the shoemak and hi wife were prosper
peopl but they could not be satisfi to have so much done for them
and not know to whom they should be grate so one night after the
shoemak had left the piec of leather on the bench he and hi wife
hid themselv behind a curtain and left a light in the room

just as the clock struck twelv the door open softli and two tini
elv came danc into the room hop on to the bench and began to
put the piec togeth they were quit nake but they had wee littl
scissor and hammer and thread tap! tap! went the littl hammers;
stitch stitch went the thread and the littl elv were hard at work
no one ever work so fast as they in almost no time all the shoe were
stitch and finish then the tini elv took hold of each other
hand and danc round the shoe on the bench till the shoemak and
hi wife had hard work not to laugh aloud but as the clock struck two
the littl creatur whisk away out of the window and left the room
all as it wa befor

the shoemak and hi wife look at each other and said how can we
thank the littl elv who have made us happi and prosperous?

i should like to make them some pretti cloth said the wife they
are quit nake

i will make the shoe if you will make the coat said her husband

that veri day they commenc their task the wife cut out two tini tini
coat of green two weeni weeni waistcoat of yellow two littl pair
of trouser of white two bit of cap bright red (for everi one know
the elv love bright colours) and her husband made two littl pair of
shoe with long point toe they made the wee cloth as dainti as
could be with nice littl stitch and pretti buttons; and by christma
time they were finish

on christma eve the shoemak clean hi bench and on it instead of
leather he laid the two set of gay littl fairy-cloth then he and
hi wife hid away as befor to watch

promptli at midnight the littl nake elv came in they hop upon
the bench; but when they saw the littl cloth there they laugh and
danc for joy each one caught up hi littl coat and thing and began
to put them on then they look at each other and made all kind of
funni motion in their delight at last they began to danc and when
the clock struck two they danc quit away out of the window

they never came back ani more but from that day they gave the shoemak
and hi wife good luck so that they never need ani more help




who kill the otter babies?


onc the otter came to the mouse-d and said friend mouse-d will
you pleas take care of my babi while i go to the river to catch
fish?

certainli said the mouse-d go along

but when the otter came back from the river with a string of fish he
found hi babi crush flat

what doe thi mean friend mouse-deer? he said who kill my
children while you were take care of them?

i am veri sorri said the mouse-d but you know i am chief dancer
of the war-danc and the woodpeck came and sound the war-gong so i
danc i forgot your children and trod on them

i shall go to king solomon said the otter and you shall be
punish

soon the mouse-d wa call befor king solomon

did you kill the otter babies? said the king

ye your majesti said the mouse-d but i did not mean to

how did it happen? said the king

your majesti know said the mouse-d that i am chief dancer of
the war-danc the woodpeck came and sound the war-gong and i had
to dance; and as i danc i trod on the otter children

send for the woodpeck said king solomon when the woodpeck came
he said to him wa it you who sound the war-gong?

ye your majesti said the woodpeck but i had to

why? said the king

your majesti know said the woodpeck that i am chief beater of
the war-gong and i sound the gong becaus i saw the great lizard
wear hi sword

send for the great lizard said king solomon when the great lizard
came he ask him wa it you who were wear your sword?

ye your majesti said the great lizard; but i had to

why? said the king

your majesti know said the great lizard that i am chief protector
of the sword i wore my sword becaus the tortois came wear hi coat
of mail

so the tortois wa sent for

whi did you wear your coat of mail? said the king

i put it on your majesti said the tortois becaus i saw the
king-crab trail hi three-edg pike

then the king-crab wa sent for

whi were you trail your three-edg pike? said king solomon

becaus your majesti said the king-crab i saw that the crayfish
had shoulder hi lanc

immedi the crayfish wa sent for

whi did you shoulder your lance? said the king

becaus your majesti said the crayfish i saw the otter come down
to the river to kill my children

oh said king solomon if that is the case the otter kill the
otter children and the mouse-d cannot be blame by the law of the
land!





earli


i like to lie and wait to see
my mother braid her hair
it is as long as it can be
and yet she doesnt care
i love my mother hair

and then the way her finger go;
they look so quick and white--
in and out and to and fro
and braid in the light
and it is alway right

so then she wind it shini brown
around her head into a crown
just like the day befor
and then she look and pat it down
and look a minut more;
while i stay here all still and cool
oh isnt morn beautiful?




the brahmin the tiger and the jackal


do you know what a brahmin is? a brahmin is a veri good and gentl kind
of man who live in india and who treat all the beast as if they were
hi brother there is a great deal more to know about brahmin but
that is enough for the stori

one day a brahmin wa walk along a countri road when he came upon a
tiger shut up in a strong iron cage the villag had caught him and
shut him up there for hi wicked

oh brother brahmin brother brahmin said the tiger pleas let me
out to get a littl drink! i am so thirsti and there is no water
here

but brother tiger said the brahmin you know if i should let you
out you would spring on me and eat me up

never brother brahmin! said the tiger never in the world would i do
such an ungrat thing! just let me out a littl minut to get a
littl littl drink of water brother brahmin!

so the brahmin unlock the door and let the tiger out the moment he
wa out he sprang on the brahmin and wa about to eat him up

but brother tiger said the brahmin you promis you would not it
is not fair or just that you should eat me when i set you free

it is perfectli right and just said the tiger and i shall eat you
up

howev the brahmin argu so hard that at last the tiger agre to
wait and ask the first five whom they should meet whether it wa fair
for him to eat the brahmin and to abid by their decis

the first thing they came to to ask wa an old banyan tree by the
waysid (a banyan tree is a kind of fruit tree)

brother banyan said the brahmin eagerli doe it seem to you right
or just that thi tiger should eat me when i set him free from hi
cage?

the banyan tree look down at them and spoke in a tire voic

in the summer he said when the sun is hot men come and sit in the
cool of my shade and refresh themselv with the fruit of my branch
but when even fall and they are rest they break my twig and
scatter my leav and stone my bough for more fruit men are an
ungrat race let the tiger eat the brahmin

the tiger sprang to eat the brahmin but the brahmin said--

wait wait; we have ask onli one we have still four to ask

present they came to a place where an old bullock wa lie by the
road the brahmin went up to him and said--

brother bullock oh brother bullock doe it seem to you a fair thing
that thi tiger should eat me up after i have just freed him from a
cage?

the bullock look up and answer in a deep grumbl voice--

when i wa young and strong my master use me hard and i serv him
well i carri heavi load and carri them far now that i am old and
weak and cannot work he leav me without food or water to die by the
waysid men are a thankless lot let the tiger eat the brahmin

the tiger sprang but the brahmin spoke veri quickly--

oh but thi is onli the second brother tiger; you promis to ask
five

the tiger grumbl a good deal but at last he went on again with the
brahmin and after a time they saw an eagl high overhead the brahmin
call up to him imploringly--

oh brother eagl brother eagle! tell us if it seem to you fair that
thi tiger should eat me up when i have just save him from a fright
cage?

the eagl soar slowli overhead a moment then he came lower and spoke
in a thin clear voic

i live high in the air he said and i do no man ani harm yet as
often as they find my eyri men stone my young and rob my nest and
shoot at me with arrow men are a cruel breed let the tiger eat the
brahmin!

the tiger sprang upon the brahmin to eat him up; and thi time the
brahmin had veri hard work to persuad him to wait at last he did
persuad him howev and they walk on togeth and in a littl
while they saw an old allig lie half buri in mud and slime at
the river edg

brother allig oh brother alligator! said the brahmin doe it
seem at all right or fair to you that thi tiger should eat me up when
i have just now let him out of a cage?

the old allig turn in the mud and grunt and snorted; then he
said--

i lie here in the mud all day as harmless as a pigeon; i hunt no man
yet everi time a man see me he throw stone at me and poke me with
sharp stick and jeer at me men are a worthless lot let the tiger
eat the brahmin!

at thi the tiger wa go to eat the brahmin at onc the poor brahmin
had to remind him again and again that they had ask onli four

wait till weve ask one more! wait until we see a fifth! he beg

final the tiger walk on with him

after a time they met the littl jackal come gaili down the road
toward them

oh brother jackal dear brother jackal said the brahmin give us
your opinion! do you think it right or fair that thi tiger should eat
me when i set him free from a terribl cage?

beg pardon? said the littl jackal

i said said the brahmin rais hi voic do you think it is fair
that the tiger should eat me when i set him free from hi cage?

cage? said the littl jackal vacantli

ye ye hi cage said the brahmin we want your opinion do you
think----

oh said the littl jackal you want my opinion? then may i beg you
to speak a littl more loudli and make the matter quit clear? i am a
littl slow of understand now what wa it?

do you think said the brahmin it is right for thi tiger to eat me
when i set him free from hi cage?

what cage? said the littl jackal

whi the cage he wa in said the brahmin you see----

but i dont altogeth understand said the littl jackal you set
him free you say?

ye ye yes! said the brahmin it wa thi way: i wa walk
along and i saw the tiger----

oh dear dear! interrupt the littl jackal; i never can see
through it if you go on like that with a long stori if you realli
want my opinion you must make the matter clear what sort of cage wa
it?

whi a big ordinari cage an iron cage said the brahmin

that give me no idea at all said the littl jackal see here my
friend if we are to get on with thi matter youd best show me the
spot then i can understand in a jiffi show me the cage

so the brahmin the tiger and the littl jackal walk back togeth to
the spot where the cage wa

now let us understand the situat said the littl jackal friend
brahmin where were you?

i stood just here by the roadsid said the brahmin

tiger and where were you? said the littl jackal

whi in the cage of cours roar the tiger

oh i beg your pardon father tiger said the littl jackal i
realli am _so_ stupid; i cannot _quite_ understand what happen if you
will have a littl patience--_how_ were you in the cage? what posit
were you in?

i stood here said the tiger leap into the cage with my head
over my shoulder so

oh thank you thank you said the littl jackal that make it
_much_ clearer; but i still dont _quite_ understand--forg my slow
mind--whi did you not come out by yourself?

cant you see that the door shut me in? said the tiger

oh i do beg your pardon said the littl jackal i know i am veri
slow; i can never understand thing well unless i see just how they
were; if you could show me now exactli how that door work i am sure i
could understand how doe it shut?

it shut like thi said the brahmin push it to

yes; but i dont see ani lock said the littl jackal doe it lock
on the outside?

it lock like thi said the brahmin and he shut and bolt the door!

oh doe it indeed? said the littl jackal doe it _indeed_! well
brother brahmin now that it is lock i should advis you to let it
stay locked! as for you my friend he said to the tiger i think you
will wait a good while befor youll find anyon to let you out again!
then he made a veri low bow to the brahmin

good-by brother he said your way lie that way and mine lie
this; good-bye!




the littl jackal and the camel


all these stori about the littl jackal that i have told you show how
clever the littl jackal wa but you know--if you dont you will when
you are grown up--that no matter how clever you are sooner or later you
sure meet some one who is more clever it is alway so in life and it
wa so with the littl jackal thi is what happen

the littl jackal wa as you know exceedingli fond of shell-fish
especi of river crab now there came a time when he had eaten all
the crab to be found on hi own side of the river he knew there must
be plenti on the other side if he could onli get to them but he could
not swim

one day he thought of a plan he went to hi friend the camel and
said--

friend camel i know a spot where the sugar-can grow thick; ill show
you the way if you will take me there

inde i will said the camel who wa veri fond of sugar-can where
is it?

it is on the other side of the river said the littl jackal; but we
can manag it nice if you will take me on your back and swim over

the camel wa perfectli will so the littl jackal jump on hi
back and the camel swam across the river carri him when they were
safe over the littl jackal jump down and show the camel the
sugar-can field; then he ran swiftli along the river bank to hunt for
crabs; the camel began to eat sugar-can he ate happili and notic
noth around him

now you know a camel is veri big and a jackal is veri littl
consequ the littl jackal had eaten hi fill by the time the camel
had bare taken a mouth the littl jackal had no mind to wait for
hi slow friend; he want to be off home again about hi busi so
he ran round and round the sugar-can field and as he ran he sang and
shout and made a great hullabaloo

of cours the villag heard him at onc

there is a jackal in the sugar-can they said; he will dig hole and
destroy the roots; we must go down and drive him out so they came
down with stick and stone when they got there there wa no jackal
to be seen; but they saw the great camel eat away at the juici
sugar-can they ran at him and beat him and stone him and drove him
away half dead

when they had gone leav the poor camel half kill the littl
jackal came danc back from somewher or other

i think it time to go home now he said; dont you?

well you _are_ a pretti friend! said the camel the idea of your
make such a nois with your shout and singing! you brought thi
upon me what in the world made you do it? whi did you shout and sing?

oh i dont know _why_ said the littl jackal--i alway sing after
dinner!

so? said the camel ah veri well let us go home now

he took the littl jackal kindli on hi back and start into the water
when he began to swim he swam out to where the river wa the veri
deepest there he stop and said--

oh jackal!

ye said the littl jackal

i have the strangest feel said the camel--i feel as if i must
roll over

roll over! cri the jackal my good dont do that! if you do
that youll drown me! what in the world make you want to do such a
crazi thing? whi should you want to roll over?

oh i dont know _why_ said the camel slowli but i alway roll over
after dinner!

so he roll over

and the littl jackal wa drown for hi sin but the camel came
safe home




the gull of salt lake


the stori i am go to tell you is about someth that realli
happen mani year ago

a brave littl compani of pioneer from the atlant coast cross the
mississippi river and journey across the plain of central north
america in big cover wagon with mani hors and final succeed in
climb to the top of the great rocki and down again into a valley in
the veri midst of the mountain it wa a valley of brown bare desert
soil in a climat where almost no rain falls; but the snow on the
mountain-top sent down littl stream of pure water the wind were
gentl and lie like a blue jewel at the foot of the western hill wa
a marvel lake of salt water--an inland sea so the pioneer settl
there and built themselv hut and cabin for the first winter

it had taken them mani month to make the terribl journey; mani had
die of weari and ill on the way; mani die of hardship dure
the winter; and the provis they had brought in their wagon were so
nearli gone that by spring they were live partli on root dug from
the ground all their live now depend on the crop of grain and
veget which they could rais in the valley they made the barren
land fertil by spread water from the littl stream over it--what
we call irrigating; and they plant enough corn and grain and
veget for all the peopl everi one help and everi one watch
for the sprout with hope and prayer and care eye

in good time the seed sprout and the dri brown earth wa cover
with a carpet of tender green grow thing no farmer garden could
have look better than the great garden of the desert valley and from
day to day the littl shoot grew and flourish till they were all well
abov the ground

then a terribl thing happen one day the men who were water the
crop saw a great number of cricket swarm over the ground at the
edg of the garden nearest the mountain they were hop from the
barren place into the young green crop and as they settl down they
ate the tini shoot and leav to the ground more came and more and
ever more and as they came they spread out till they cover a big
corner of the grain field and still more and more till it wa like an
armi of black hop crawl cricket stream down the side of
the mountain to kill the crop

the men tri to kill the cricket by beat them down but the
number were so great that it wa like beat at the sea then they ran
and told the terribl news and all the villag came to help they
start fires; they dug trench and fill them with water; they ran
wildli about in the field kill what they could but while they
fought in one place new armi of cricket march down the
mountain-sid and attack the field in other place and at last the
peopl fell on their knee and wept and cri in despair for they saw
starvat and death in the field

a few knelt to pray other gather round and join them weep
more left their useless struggl and knelt besid their neighbour at
last nearli all the peopl were kneel on the desol field pray
for deliver from the plagu of cricket

suddenli from far off in the air toward the great salt lake there wa
the sound of flap wing it grew louder some of the peopl look
up startl they saw like a white cloud rise from the lake a flock
of sea gull fli toward them snow-whit in the sun with great wing
beat and soar in hundr and hundr they rose and circl and
came on

the gulls! the gulls! wa the cri what doe it mean?

the gull flew overhead with a shrill choru of whimper cri and
then in a marvel white cloud of outspread wing and hover
breast they settl down over the cultiv ground

oh! woe! woe! cri the peopl the gull are eat what the
cricket have left! they will strip root and branch!

but all at onc someon call out--

no no! see! they are eat the crickets! they are eat onli the
crickets!

it wa true the gull devour the cricket in dozen in hundr in
swarm they ate until they were gorg and then they flew heavili back
to the lake onli to come again with new appetit and when at last they
finish they had strip the field of the armi of crickets; and the
peopl were save

to thi day in the beauti citi of salt lake which grew out of that
pioneer villag the littl children are taught to love the sea gull
and when they learn draw and weav in the school their first
design is often a pictur of a cricket and a gull




the nightingal


a long long time ago as long ago as when there were fairi there
live an emperor in china who had a most beauti palac all made of
crystal outsid the palac wa the loveliest garden in the whole world
and farther away wa a forest where the tree were taller than ani other
tree in the world and farther away still wa a deep wood and in
thi wood live a littl nightingal the nightingal sang so
beauti that everybodi who heard her rememb her song better than
anyth els that he heard or saw peopl came from all over the world
to see the crystal palac and the wonder garden and the great forest;
but when they went home and wrote book about these thing they alway
wrote but the nightingal is the best of all

at last it happen that the emperor came upon a book which said thi
and he at onc sent for hi chamberlain

who is thi nightingale? said the emperor whi have i never heard him
sing?

the chamberlain who wa a veri import person said there cannot be
ani such person; i have never heard hi name

the book say there is a nightingal said the emperor i command
that the nightingal be brought here to sing for me thi even

the chamberlain went out and ask all the great lord and ladi and
page where the nightingal could be found but not one of them had ever
heard of him so the chamberlain went back to the emperor and said
there is no such person

the book say there is a nightingal said the emperor; if the
nightingal is not here to sing for me thi even i will have the
court trampl upon immedi after supper

the chamberlain did not want to be trampl upon so he ran out and
ask everybodi in the palac about the nightingal at last a littl
girl who work in the kitchen to help the cook said oh ye i know
the nightingal veri well everi night when i go to carri scrap from
the kitchen to my mother who live in the wood beyond the forest i
hear the nightingal sing

the chamberlain ask the maid to take him to the nightingal home
and mani of the lord and ladi follow after when they had gone a
littl way they heard a cow moo

ah! said the lord and ladi that must be the nightingale; what a
larg voic for so small a creature!

oh no said the littl girl that is just a cow moo

a littl farther on they heard some bullfrog in a swamp sure that
is the nightingal said the courtiers; it realli sound like
church-bells!

oh no said the littl girl those are bullfrog croak

at last they came to the wood where the nightingal wa hush! said
the littl girl she is go to sing and sure enough the littl
nightingal began to sing she sang so beauti that you have never
in all your life heard anyth like it

dear dear said the courtier that is veri pleasant; doe that
littl grey bird realli make all that noise? she is so pale that i think
she ha lost her colour for fear of us

the chamberlain ask the littl nightingal to come and sing for the
emperor the littl nightingal said she could sing better in her own
greenwood but she wa so sweet and kind that she came with them

that even the palac wa all trim with the most beauti flower
you can imagin and row and row of littl silver bell that tinkl
when the wind blew in and hundr and hundr and hundr of wax
candl that shone like tini star in the great hall there wa a gold
perch for the nightingal besid the emperor throne

when all the peopl were there the emperor ask the nightingal to
sing then the littl grey nightingal fill her throat full and sang
and my dear she sang so beauti that the emperor eye fill up
with tears! and you know emperor do not cri at all easili so he
ask her to sing again and thi time she sang so marvel that
the tear came out of hi eye and ran down hi cheek that wa a great
success they ask the littl nightingal to sing over and over again
and when they had listen enough the emperor said that she should be
made singer in chief to the court she wa to have a golden perch near
the emperor bed and a littl golden cage and wa to be allow to go
out twice everi day but there were twelv servant appoint to wait on
her and those twelv servant went with her everi time she went out
and each of the twelv had hold of the end of a silken string which wa
tie to the littl nightingal leg! it wa not so veri much fun to go
out that way!

for a long long time the nightingal sang everi even to the emperor
and hi court and they like her so much that the ladi all tri to
sing like her; they use to put water in their mouth and then make
littl sound like this: _glu-glu-glug_ and when the courtier met each
other in the hall one would say night and the other would say
ingal and that wa suppos to be convers

at last one day there came a littl packag to the emperor on the
outsid of which wa written the nightingal insid wa an
artifici bird someth like a nightingal onli it wa made of gold
and silver and rubi and emerald and diamond when it wa wound
up it play a waltz tune and as it play it move it littl tail up
and down everybodi in the court wa fill with delight at the music of
the new nightingal they made it sing that same tune thirty-thre
time and still they had not had enough they would have made it sing
the tune thirty-four time but the emperor said i should like to hear
the real nightingal sing now

but when they look about for the real littl nightingal they could
not find her anywhere! she had taken the chanc while everybodi wa
listen to the waltz tune to fli away through the window to her own
greenwood

what a veri ungrat bird! said the lord and ladi but it doe
not matter; the new nightingal is just as good

so the artifici nightingal wa given the real nightingal littl
gold perch and everi night the emperor wound her up and she sang waltz
tune to him the peopl in the court like her even better than the old
nightingal becaus they could all whistl her tunes--which you cant
do with real nightingal

about a year after the artifici nightingal came the emperor wa
listen to her waltz tune when there wa a _snap_ and _whir-r-r_
insid the bird and the music stop the emperor ran to hi doctor
but he could not do anyth then he ran to hi clock-mak but he
could not do much nobodi could do much the best they could do wa to
patch the gold nightingal up so that it could sing onc a year; even
that wa almost too much and the tune wa veri shaki still the
emperor kept the gold nightingal on the perch in hi own room

a long time went by and then at last the emperor grew veri ill and
wa about to die when it wa sure that he could not live much longer
the peopl chose a new emperor and wait for the old one to die the
poor emperor lay quit cold and pale in hi great big bed with velvet
curtain and tall candlestick all about he wa quit alon for all
the courtier had gone to congratul the new emperor and all the
servant had gone to talk it over

when the emperor woke up he felt a terribl weight on hi chest he
open hi eye and there wa death sit on hi heart death had
put on the emperor gold crown and he had the gold sceptr in one
hand and the silken banner in the other; and he look at the emperor
with hi great hollow eye the room wa full of shadow and the
shadow were full of face everywher the emperor look there were
face some were veri veri ugli and some were sweet and lovely; they
were all the thing the emperor had done in hi life good and bad and
as he look at them they began to whisper they whisper _do you
rememb this?_ _do you rememb that?_ the emperor rememb so
much that he cri out loud oh bring the great drum! make music so
that i may not hear these dread whispers! but there wa nobodi there
to bring the drum

then the emperor cri you littl gold nightingal can you not sing
someth for me? i have given you gift of gold and jewel and kept
you alway by my side; will you not help me now? but there wa nobodi
to wind the littl gold nightingal up and of cours it could not sing

the emperor heart grew colder and colder where death crouch upon it
and the dread whisper grew louder and louder and the emperor life
wa almost gone suddenli through the open window there came a most
love song it wa so sweet and so loud that the whisper die quit
away present the emperor felt hi heart grow warm then he felt the
blood flow through hi limb again; he listen to the song until the
tear ran down hi cheeks; he knew that it wa the littl real
nightingal who had flown away from him when the gold nightingal came

death wa listen to the song too; and when it wa done and the
emperor beg for more death too said pleas sing again littl
nightingale!

will you give me the emperor gold crown for a song? said the littl
nightingal

ye said death; and the littl nightingal bought the emperor crown
for a song

oh sing again littl nightingal beg death

will you give me the emperor sceptr for anoth song? said the
littl grey nightingal

ye said death; and the littl nightingal bought the emperor
sceptr for anoth song

onc more death beg for a song and thi time the littl nightingal
obtain the banner for her sing then she sang one more song so
sweet and so sad that it made death think of hi garden in the
churchyard where he alway like best to be and he rose from the
emperor heart and float away through the window

when death wa gone the emperor said to the littl nightingal oh
dear littl nightingal you have save me from death! do not leav me
again stay with me on thi littl gold perch and sing to me always!

no dear emperor said the littl nightingal i sing best when i am
free; i cannot live in a palac but everi night when you are quit
alon i will come and sit in the window and sing to you and tell you
everyth that goe on in your kingdom: i will tell you where the poor
peopl are who ought to be help and where the wick peopl are who
ought to be punish onli dear emperor be sure that you never let
anybodi know that you have a littl bird who tell you everyth

after the littl nightingal had flown away the emperor felt so well
and strong that he dress himself in hi royal robe and took hi gold
sceptr in hi hand and when the courtier came in to see if he were
dead there stood the emperor with hi sword in one hand and hi sceptr
in the other and said good-morning!




margeri garden


there wa onc a littl girl name margeri who had alway live in the
citi the flat where her mother and father live wa at the top of a big
build and you couldnt see a great deal from the window except
chimney-pot on other peopl roof margeri did not know much about
tree and flower but she love them dearly; whenev it wa a fine
sunday she use to go with her mother and father to the park and look at
the love flower-b they seem alway to be finish though and
margeri wa alway wish she could see them grow

one spring when margeri wa nine her father obtain a new situat
and they remov to a littl hous with a nice big piec of ground a
short distanc outsid the town where hi new posit wa margeri wa
delight and the veri first thing she said when her father told her
about it wa oh may i have a garden? _may_ i have a garden?

margeri mother wa almost as eager for a garden as she wa and
margeri father said he expect to live on their veget all the
rest of hi life! so it wa soon agre that the garden should be the
first thing attend to

behind the cottag were appl tree a plum tree and two or three pear
trees; then came a stretch of rough grass and then a stone wall with a
gate lead into the field it wa on the grass plot that the garden
wa to be a big piec wa to be use for wheat and pea and bean and
a littl piec at the end wa to be given to margeri

what shall we have in it? ask her mother

flower said margeri with shine eyes--blu and white and
yellow and pink--everi kind of flower!

sure flower said her mother and shall we not have a littl
salad garden in the middle?

what is a salad garden? margeri ask

it is a garden where you have all the thing that make nice salad
said her mother laugh for margeri wa fond of salads; you have
lettuc and endiv and mustard and cress and parsley and radish
and beetroot and young onion

oh! how good it sounds! said margeri i should love a salad garden

that veri even margeri father took pencil and paper and drew out
a plan for her garden; first they talk it all over then he drew what
they decid on; it look like the diagram on the next page

the outsid strip is for flower said margeri father and next is
a footpath all the way round the beds; that is to let you get at the
flower to weed and to pick; there is a wider path through the middl
and the rest is for row of salad veget

papa it is glorious! said margeri

papa laugh i hope you will still think it gloriou when the weed
time come he said for you know you and mother have promis to
take care of thi garden while i take care of the big one

i wouldnt _not_ take care of it for anything! said margeri i want
to feel that it is my veri own

[illustration]

her father kiss her and said it wa certainli her veri own

two even after that when margeri wa call in from her first
rambl in the field she found the postman at the door

someth for you margeri said her mother with the look she had
when someth nice wa happen

it wa a box quit a big box with a label on it that said:--

miss margeri brown
primros cottag
21 narcissu road
colchest

from seed and plant compani read

margeri could hardli wait to open it it wa fill with littl
packag all with print labels; and in the packag of cours were
seed it made margeri danc just to read the names--nasturtium giant
helianthu canariensi calendula canterburi bells: more name than i
can tell you; and other packag bigger that said sweet pea
french bean carrot wallflow and such things! margeri could
almost smell the posi she wa so excit onli she had seen so
littl of flower that she did not know what all the name meant she
did not know that a helianthu wa a sunflow until her mother told her
so and she had never seen the dear blue bell-shap flower that
alway grow in old-fashion garden and are call canterburi bell
she thought the calendula must be a strang grand flower by it name;
but her mother told her it wa the gay sturdi everydayish littl
flower call a marigold there wa a great deal for a littl citi girl
to be surpris about and it did seem as if morn wa a long way off!

did you think you could plant them in the morning? ask her mother
you know dear the ground ha to be made readi first; it take a
littl time--it may be sever day befor you can plant

that wa anoth surpris margeri had thought she could begin to sow
the seed right off

but thi wa what had happen earli the next morn a man came
drive up to the cottag with two strong white horses; in hi wagon wa
a plough i suppos you have seen plough but margeri never had and
she watch with great interest while the man and her father took the
plough from the cart and har the hors to it it wa a great
three-corn piec of sharp steel with long handl come up from
it so that a man could hold it in place it look like this:--

[illustration]

i brought a two-hors plough becaus it virgin soil the man said
margeri wonder what in the world he meant; it had not been
cultiv of cours but what had that do with the kind of plough?
what doe he mean father? she whisper when she got a chanc he
mean that thi land ha not been plough before; it will be hard to
turn the soil and one hors could not pull the plough said her
father

it took the man two hour to plough the littl strip of land he drove
the sharp end of the plough into the soil and held it firmli so while
the hors drew it along in a straight line margeri found it
fascin to watch the long line of dark earth and green grass come
roll up and turn over as the knife pass it she could see that it
took real skill and strength to keep the line even and to avoid the
stone sometim the plough struck a hidden stone and then the man wa
jerk almost off hi feet but he onli laugh and said tough piec
of land; it will be a lot better next year

when he had plough the man went back to hi cart and unload anoth
farm implement thi one wa like a three-corn platform of wood
with a long curv strong rake under it it wa call a harrow and
it look like the diagram on the next page

the man har the hors to it and then he stood on the platform
and drove all over the strip of land it wa fun to watch but perhap
it wa a littl hard to do the man weight kept the harrow steadi
and let the teeth of the rake scratch and cut the ground up so that it
did not stay in ridg

he scrambl the ground father! said margeri

it need scrambl laugh her father we are go to get more
weed than we want on thi fresh soil and the more the ground is
broken the fewer there will be

[illustration]

after the plough and harrow the man drove off and margeri
father said that he himself would do the rest of the work in the late
afternoon when he came home from business; they could not afford too
much help he said and he had learn to take care of a garden when he
wa a boy so margeri did not see ani more done until the next day

but the next day there wa hard work for margeri father! everi bit of
that ground had to be broken up still more with a spade and then the
clod which were full of grass-root had to be taken on a fork and
shaken till the earth fell out; when the grass wa thrown to one side
that would not have had to be done if the land had been plough in the
autumn; the grass would have rot in the ground and would have made
food for the plant now margeri father put the fertilis on the
top and then rake it into the earth

at last it wa time to make the place for the seed margeri and her
mother help father tie one end of a cord to a littl stake and
drove the stake in the ground at one end of the garden then he took the
cord to the other end of the garden and pull it tight tie it to
anoth stake and drove that down that made a straight line then he
ho a trench a few inch deep the whole length of the cord and
scatter fertilis in it pretti soon the whole garden wa line with
littl trench

now for the seed said father

margeri ran and brought the seed box may i help? she ask

if you watch me sow one row i think you can do the next said her
father

so margeri watch her father took a hand of pea and stoop
walk slowli along the line let the seed trickl through hi
finger it wa pretti to watch; it made margeri think of a photograph
her teacher had a photograph of a famou pictur call the sower
perhap you have seen it

put in the seed wa not so easi to do as to watch; sometim margeri
drop in too much and sometim not enough; but her father wa
patient with her and soon she did better

they plant pea bean spinach carrot and parsnip and margeri
father made a row of hole after that for the tomato plant he said
those had to be transplanted; they could not be sown from seed

when the seed were in the trench they had to be cover up and
margeri realli help at that it is fun to do it you stand besid the
littl trench and walk backward and as you walk you hoe the loos earth
back over the seeds; the same earth that wa ho up you pull back
again then you rake veri gentli over the surfac with the back of a
rake to even it all off margeri like it becaus now the garden began
to look _like_ a garden

but best of all wa the work next day when her own littl particular
garden wa begun father brown love margeri and margeri mother so
much that he want their garden to be perfect and that meant a great
deal more work he knew veri well that the old grass would begin to come
through again on such soil and that it would make terribl hard
weed he wa not go to have ani such thing for hi two littl
girl as he call them so he gave that littl garden particular
attent thi is what he did

after he had thrown out all the turf he shovel clean earth on to the
garden--a much as three solid inch of it; not a bit of grass wa in
that then it wa readi for rake and fertilis and for the line
the littl footpath were mark out by father brown feet; margeri and
her mother laugh well at hi action for it look like some kind of
danc mr brown had seen garden do it when he wa a littl boy and
he did it veri nicely: he walk along the side of the squar with one
foot turn a littl out and the other straight take such tini step
that hi feet touch each other all the time thi tramp out a path
just wide enough for a person to walk

the wider path wa mark with line and rake

margeri thought of cours all the flower would be put in as the
veget were; but she found that it wa not so for some her father
poke littl hole with hi finger; for some he made veri shallow
trenches; and some veri small seed were scatter lightli over the top
of the ground

margeri and her mother had taken so much pain in think out the
arrang of the flower that perhap you will like to hear just how
they design that garden at the back were the sweet pea which would
grow tall like a screen; on the two side for a kind of hedg were
yellow sunflowers; and along the front edg were the gay nasturtium
margeri plan that so that she could look into the garden from the
front but have it shut away from the veget patch by the tall
flower on the side the two front corner had canariensi in them
canariensi is a pretti creeper with golden blossom veri dainti and
bright and then in littl squar patch all round the garden were
plant london pride blue bachelor button yellow marigold tall
larkspur many-colour aster hollyhock and stock all these love
flower use to grow in our grandmoth garden and if you dont know
what they look like i hope you can find out next summer

between the flower and the middl path went the seed for that
wonder salad garden; all the thing mr brown had name to margeri
were there margeri had never seen anyth more wonder than the
littl round lettuce-se they were so tini that it did not seem
possibl that green lettuc leav could come from them but they sure
would

mother and father and margeri were late to supper that even but they
were all so happi that it did not matter the last thing margeri
thought of as she went to sleep at night wa the dear smooth littl
garden with it funni footpath and with the littl stick stand at
the end of the row label lettuc beet helianthu and so
on

i have a garden! i have a garden! wa margeri last thought as she
went off to dreamland





the littl cotyledon


thi is anoth stori about margeri garden

the next morn after the garden wa plant margeri wa up and out at
six oclock she could not wait to look at her garden to be sure she
knew that the seed could not sprout in a singl night but she had a
feel that _something_ might happen at ani moment the garden wa just
as smooth and brown as the night befor and no littl seedl were in
sight

but a veri few morn after that when margeri went out she saw a
funni littl crack open up through the earth the whole length of the
patch quickli she knelt down on the footpath to see yes! tini green
leav a whole row of them were push their way through the crust!
margeri knew what she had put there: it wa the radish-row; these must
be radish leav she examin them veri close so that she might
know a radish next time the littl leav no bigger than half your
little-fing nail grew in twos--two on each tini stem; they were
almost round

margeri flew back to her mother to say that the first seed were up
and her mother nearli as excit as margeri came to look at the littl
crack

each day after that the row of radish grew till in a week it
stood as high as your finger green and sturdi but about the third day
while margeri wa stoop over the radish she saw someth veri
veri small and green peep abov ground where the lettuc wa
plant could it be weeds? no for on look veri close she saw that
the wee leav faintli mark a regular row they did not make a crack
like the radishes; they seem too small and too far apart to push the
earth up like that margeri lean down and look with all her eye at
the babi plant the tini leav grew two on a stem and were almost
round the more she look at them the more it seem to margeri that
they look exactli as the radish look when it first came up do you
suppos margeri said to herself that lettuc and radish look alik
while they are growing? they dont look alik when they are on the
table!

day by day the lettuc grew and soon the littl round leav were
easier to examine; they certainli were veri much like radish leav

then one morn while she wa search for sign of other seed
margeri discov the beet in irregular patch on the row hint of
green were come the next day and the next they grew until the beet
leav were big enough to see

margeri look then she look again then she wrinkl her forehead
can we have made a mistake? she thought do you suppos we can have
plant _all_ radishes?

for those littl beet leav were almost round and they grew two on a
stem precis like the lettuc and the radish; except for the size
all three row look alik

it wa too much for margeri she ran to the hous and found her father
her littl face wa so anxiou that he thought someth unpleas had
happen papa she said all out of breath do you think we could
have made a mistak about my garden? do you think we could have put
radish in all the rows?

father laugh what make you think such a thing? he ask

papa said margeri the littl leav all look exactli alike! everi
plant ha just two tini leav on it and shape the same; they are
roundish and grow out of the stem at the same place

papa eye began to twinkl mani of the dicotyledon plant look
alik at the begin he said with a littl drawl on the big word
that wa to teas margeri becaus she alway want to know the big
word she heard

what dicotyledonous? said margeri care

wait till i come home to-night dear said her father and ill tell
you

that even margeri wa wait eagerli for him when her father
finish hi supper they went togeth to the garden and father
examin the seedl care then he pull up a littl radish
plant and a tini beet

these littl leav he said are not the real leav of the plant;
they are onli littl pocket to hold food for the plant to live on till
it get strong enough to push up into the air as soon as the real
leav come out and begin to draw food from the air these littl
substitut wither up and fall off these two lie fold up in the
littl seed from the begin and are full of plant food they dont
have to be veri special in shape you see becaus they dont stay on
the plant after it is grown up

then everi plant look like thi at first? said margeri

no dear not everi one; plant are divid into two kinds: those which
have two food leav like these plant and those which have onli one;
these are call dicotyledon and the one which have but one food
leaf are monocotyledon mani of the dicotyledon look alik

i think that is interest said margeri

i alway suppos the plant were differ from the minut they began
to grow

inde no said father even some of the tree look like thi when
they first come through; you would not think a birch tree could look
like a veget or a flower would you? but it doe at first; it look
so much like these thing that in the great nurseri where tree are
rais for forest and park the workmen have to be veri care
train or els they would pull up the tree when they are weed
they have to be taught the differ between a birch tree and a weed

how funny! said margeri dimpl

ye it sound funni said father; but you see the birch tree is
dicotyledon and so are mani weed and the dicotyledon look so much
alik at first

i am glad to know that father said margeri soberli i believ i
shall learn a good deal from live in the country; dont you think so?

margeri father took her in hi arm i hope so dear he said; the
countri is a good place for littl girl

and that wa all that happen that day




the talk tortois


onc upon a time a tortois live in a pond with two duck who were
her veri good friend she enjoy the compani of the duck becaus she
could talk with them to her heart content; the tortois like to talk
she alway had someth to say and she like to hear herself say it

after mani year of thi pleasant live the pond becam veri low in a
dri season; and final it dri up the two duck saw that they could
no longer live there so they decid to fli to anoth region where
there wa more water they went to the tortois to bid her good-by

oh dont leav me behind! beg the tortois take me with you; i
must die if i am left here

but you cannot fly! said the duck how can we take you with us?

take me with you! take me with you! said the tortois

the duck felt so sorri for her that at last they thought of a way to
take her we have thought of a way which will be possibl they said
if onli you can manag to keep still long enough we will each take
hold of one end of a stout stick and do you take the middl in your
mouth; then we will fli up in the air with you and carri you with us
but rememb not to talk! if you open your mouth you are lost

the tortois said she would not say a word; she would not so much as
move her mouth; and she wa veri grate so the duck brought a strong
littl stick and took hold of the end while the tortois bit firmli on
the middl then the two duck rose slowli in the air and flew away with
their burden

when they were abov the treetop the tortois want to say how high
we are! but she rememb and kept still when they pass the church
steepl she want to say what is that which shines? but she
rememb and held her peac then they came over the villag squar
and the peopl look up and saw them look at the duck carri a
tortoise! they shouted; and everi one ran to look the tortois want
to say what busi is it of yours? but she didnt then she heard
the peopl shout isnt it strange! look at it! look!

the tortois forgot everyth except that she want to say hush you
foolish people! she open her mouth--and fell to the ground and that
wa the end of the tortois

it is a veri good thing to be abl to hold one tongue!





robert of sicili


an old legend say that there wa onc a king name robert of sicili
who wa brother to the great pope of rome and to the emperor of
allemain he wa a veri selfish king and veri proud; he care more for
hi pleasur than for the need of hi peopl and hi heart wa so
fill with hi own great that he had no thought for god

one day thi proud king wa sit in hi place at church at vesper
service; hi courtier were about him in their bright garment and he
himself wa dress in hi royal robe the choir wa chant the latin
servic and as the beauti voic swell louder the king notic
one particular vers which seem to be repeat again and again he
turn to a learn clerk at hi side and ask what those word meant
for he knew no latin

they mean he hath put down the mighti from their seat and hath
exalt them of low degre answer the clerk

it is well the word are in latin then said the king angrili for
they are a lie there is no power on earth or in heaven which can put me
down from my seat! and he sneer at the beauti sing as he
lean back in hi place

present the king fell asleep while the servic went on he slept
deepli and long when he awok the church wa dark and still and he wa
all alon he the king had been left alon in the church to awak in
the dark! he wa furiou with rage and surpris and stumbl through
the dim aisl he reach the great door and beat at them madli
shout for hi servant

the old sexton heard some one shout and pound in the church and
thought it wa some drunken vagabond who had stolen in dure the
servic he came to the door with hi key and call out who is
there?

open! open! it is i the king! came a hoars angri voic from within

it is a crazi man thought the sexton; and he wa frighten he
open the door care and stood back peer into the dark
out past him rush the figur of a man in tatter scanti cloth
with unkempt hair and white wild face the sexton did not know that he
had ever seen him befor but he look long after him wonder at hi
wild and hi hast

in hi flutter rag without hat or cloak not know what strang
thing had happen to him king robert rush to hi palac gate
push asid the startl servant and hurri blind with rage up the
wide stair and through the great corridor toward the room where he
could hear the sound of hi courtier voic men and women servant
tri to stop the rag man who had somehow got into the palac but
robert did not even see them as he fled along straight to the open
door of the big banquet hall he made hi way and into the midst of the
grand feast there

the great hall wa fill with light and flowers; the tabl were set
with everyth that is delic and rich to eat; the courtier in
their gay cloth were laugh and talking; and at the head of the
feast on the king own throne sat a king hi face hi figur hi
voic were exactli like robert of sicily; no human be could have told
the difference; no one dream that he wa not the king he wa dress
in the king royal robe he wore the royal crown and on hi hand wa
the king own ring robert of sicili half nake rag without a
sign of hi kingship on him stood befor the throne and stare with
furi at thi figur of himself

the king on the throne look at him who art thou and what dost thou
here? he ask and though hi voic wa just like robert own it had
someth in it sweet and deep like the sound of bell

i am the king! cri robert of sicili i am the king and you are an
impostor!

the courtier start from their seat and drew their sword they
would have kill the crazi man who insult their king; but he rais
hi hand and stop them and with hi eye look into robert eye
he said not the king; you shall be the king jester! you shall wear
the cap and bell and make laughter for my court you shall be the
servant of the servant and your companion shall be the jester ape

with shout of laughter the courtier drove robert of sicili from the
banquet hall; the waiting-men with laughter too push him into the
soldier hall; and there the page brought the jester wretch ape
and put a fool cap and bell on robert head it wa like a terribl
dream; he could not believ it true he could not understand what had
happen to him and when he woke next morn he believ it wa a
dream and that he wa king again but as he turn hi head he felt
the coars straw under hi cheek instead of the soft pillow and he saw
that he wa in the stabl with the shiver ape by hi side robert of
sicili wa a jester and no one knew him for the king

three long year pass sicili wa happi and all thing went well under
the king who wa not robert robert wa still the jester and hi heart
grew harder and more bitter with everi year mani time dure the
three year the king who had hi face and voic had call him to
himself when none els could hear and had ask him the one question
who art thou? and each time that he ask it hi eye look into
robert eye to find hi heart but each time robert threw back hi
head and answer proudli i am the king! and the other king eye
grew sad and stern

at the end of three year the pope call the emperor of allemain and
the king of sicili hi brother to a great meet in hi citi of
rome the king of sicili went with all hi soldier and courtier and
servants--a great process of horsemen and footmen never had there
been seen a finer sight than the grand train men in bright armour
rider in wonder cloak of velvet and silk servant carri
marvel present to the pope and at the veri end rode robert the
jester hi hors wa poor and old many-colour and the ape rode with
him everi one in the villag through which they pass ran after the
jester and point and laugh

the pope receiv hi brother and their train in the squar befor
saint peter with music and flag and flower he made the king of
sicili welcom and greet him as hi brother in the midst of it the
jester broke through the crowd and threw himself befor the pope look
at me! he cried; i am your brother robert of sicily! thi man is an
impostor who ha stolen my throne i am robert the king!

the pope look at the poor jester with piti but the emperor of
allemain turn to the king of sicili and said is it not rather
danger brother to keep a madman as jester? and again robert wa
push back among the serving-men

it wa holi week and the king and the emperor with all their train
went everi day to the great servic in the cathedr someth
wonder and holi seem to make these servic more beauti than
ever befor all the peopl of rome felt it: it wa as if the presenc
of an angel were there men thought of god and felt hi bless on
them but no one knew who it wa that brought the beauti feel and
when easter day came never had there been so love so holi a day: in
the great church fill with flower and sweet with incens the
kneel peopl listen to the choir sing and it wa like the
voic of angels; their prayer were more earnest than ever befor
their prais more glad; there wa someth heavenli in rome

robert of sicili went to the servic with the rest and sat in the
humblest place with the servant over and over again he heard the
sweet voic of the choir chant the latin word he had heard long ago:
_he hath put down the mighti from their seat and hath exalt them of
low degree_ and at last as he listen hi heart wa soften he
too felt the strang bless presenc of a heavenli power he thought
of god and of hi own wickedness; he rememb how selfish he had
been and how littl good he had done; he realis that hi power had
not been from himself at all on easter night as he crept to hi bed
of straw he wept not becaus he wa so wretch but becaus he had
not been a better king when power wa hi

at last all the festiv were over and the king of sicili went home
to hi own land again with hi peopl robert the jester came home too

on the day of their home-com there wa a special servic in the
royal church and even after the servic wa over for the peopl the
monk held prayer of thanksgiv and prais the sound of their
sing came softli in at the palac window in the great banquet room
the king sat wear hi royal robe and hi crown while mani subject
came to greet him at last he sent them all away say he want to
be alone; but he command the jester to stay and when they were alon
togeth the king look into robert eye as he had done befor and
said softli who art thou?

robert of sicili bow hi head thou knowest best he said i onli
know that i have sin

as he spoke he heard the voic of the monk sing _he hath put down
the mighti from their seat_--and hi head sank lower but suddenli the
music seem to change; a wonder light shone all about as robert
rais hi eye he saw the face of the king smile at him with a
radianc like noth on earth and as he sank to hi knee befor the
glori of that smile a voic sound with the music like a melodi
throb on a singl string--

i am an angel and thou art the king!

then robert of sicili wa alon hi royal robe were upon him onc
more; he wore hi crown and hi royal ring he wa king and when the
courtier came back they found their king kneel by hi throne
absorb in silent prayer





the jealou courtier


i wonder if you have ever heard the anecdot about the artist of
duesseldorf and the jealou courtier thi is it it seem there wa
onc a veri famou artist who live in the littl town of duesseldorf he
did such fine work that the elector princ johann wilhelm order a
portrait statu of himself on horseback to be done in bronz the
artist wa overjoy at the commiss and work earli and late at the
statu

at last the work wa done and the artist had the great statu set up in
the public squar of duesseldorf readi for the open view the elector
came on the appoint day and with him came hi favourit courtier
from the castl then the statu wa unveil it wa veri
beautiful--so beauti that the princ exclaim in surpris he could
not look enough and present he turn to the artist and shook hand
with him like an old friend herr grupello he said you are a great
artist and thi statu will make your fame even greater than it is; the
portrait of me is perfect!

when the courtier heard thi and saw the friendli hand-shak their
jealousi of the artist wa beyond bound their one thought wa how
could they safe do someth to humili him they dare not pick
flaw in the portrait statu for the princ had declar it perfect
but at last one of them said with an air of great frank inde
herr grupello the portrait of hi royal high is perfect; but permit
me to say that the statu of the hors is not quit so successful: the
head is too large; it is out of proport

no said anoth the hors is realli not so successful; the turn of
the neck there is awkward

if you would chang the right hind-foot herr grupello said a third
it would be an improv

still anoth found fault with the hors tail

the artist listen quietli when they had all finish he turn to
the princ and said your courtier princ find a good mani flaw in
the statu of the horse; will you permit me to keep it a few day more
to do what i can with it?

the elector assent and the artist order a temporari screen to be
built around the statu so that hi assist could work undisturb
for sever day the sound of hammer came steadili from behind the
enclosur the courtier who took care to pass that way often were
delight each one said to himself i must have been right really;
the artist himself see that someth wa wrong; now i shall have
credit for save the princ portrait by my artist taste!

onc more the artist summon the princ and hi courtier and onc
more the statu wa unveil again the elector exclaim at it beauti
and then he turn to hi courtier one after anoth to see what they
had to say

perfect! said the first now that the hors head is in proport
there is not a flaw

the chang in the neck wa just what wa need said the second; it
is veri grace now

the rear right foot is as it should be now said a third and it
add so much to the beauti of the whole!

the fourth said that he consid the tail greatli improv

my courtier are much pleas now said the princ to herr grupello;
they think the statu much improv by the chang you have made

herr grupello smile a littl i am glad they are pleas he said
but the fact is i have chang nothing!

what do you mean? said the princ in surpris have we not heard the
sound of hammer everi day? what were you hammer at then?

i wa hammer at the reput of your courtier who found fault
simpli becaus they were jealou said the artist and i rather think
that their reput is pretti well hammer to pieces!

it wa inde the elector laugh heartili but the courtier slunk
away one after anoth without a word




princ cherri

there wa onc an old king so wise and kind and true that the most
power good fairi of hi land visit him and ask him to name the
dearest wish of hi heart that she might grant it

sure you know it said the good king; it is for my onli son princ
cherry; do for him whatev you would have done for me

gladli said the great fairy; choos what i shall give him i can
make him the richest the most beauti or the most power princ in
the world; choos

none of those thing are what i want said the king i want onli that
he shall be good of what use will it be to him to be beauti rich
or power if he grow into a bad man? make him the best princ in the
world i beg you!

ala i cannot make him good said the fairy; he must do that for
himself i can give him good advic reprov him when he doe wrong and
punish him if he will not punish himself; i can and will be hi best
friend but i cannot make him good unless he will it

the king wa sad to hear thi but he rejoic in the friendship of the
fairi for hi son and when he die soon after he wa happi to know
that he left princ cherri in her hand

princ cherri griev for hi father and often lay awak at night
think of him one night when he wa all alon in hi room a soft
and love light suddenli shone befor him and a beauti vision stood
at hi side it wa the good fairi she wa clad in robe of dazzl
white and on her shine hair she wore a wreath of white rose

i am the fairi candid she said to the princ i promis your
father that i would be your best friend and as long as you live i shall
watch over your happi i have brought you a gift; it is not
wonder to look at but it ha a wonder power for your welfare;
wear it and let it help you

as she spoke she place a small gold ring on the princ littl
finger thi ring she said will help you to be good; when you do
evil it will prick you to remind you if you do not heed it warn
a wors thing will happen to you for i shall becom your enemi then
she vanish

princ cherri wore hi ring and said noth to anyon of the fairi
gift it did not prick him for a long time becaus he wa good and
merri and happi but princ cherri had been rather spoil by hi nurs
when he wa a child; she had alway said to him that when he should
becom king he could do exactli as he pleas now after a while he
began to find out that thi wa not true and it made him angri

the first time that he notic that even a king could not alway have
hi own way wa on a day when he went hunt it happen that he got
no game thi put him in such a bad temper that he grumbl and scold
all the way home the littl gold ring began to feel tight and
uncomfort when he reach the palac hi pet dog ran to meet him

go away! said the princ crossli

but the littl dog wa so use to be pet that he onli jump up on
hi master and tri to kiss hi hand the princ turn and kick the
littl creatur at the instant he felt a sharp prick in hi littl
finger like a pin prick

what nonsense! said the princ to himself am i not king of the whole
land? may i not kick my own dog if i choose? what evil is there in
that?

a silver voic spoke in hi ear: the king of the land ha a right to do
good but not evil; you have been guilti of bad temper and of cruelti
to-day; see that you do better to-morrow

the princ turn sharpli but no one wa to be seen; yet he recognis
the voic as that of fairi candid

he follow her advic for a littl but present he forgot and the
ring prick him so sharpli that hi finger had a drop of blood on it
thi happen again and again for the princ grew more self-wil and
headstrong everi day; he had some bad friend too who urg him on in
the hope that he would ruin himself and give them a chanc to seiz the
throne he treat hi peopl carelessli and hi servant cruelli and
everyth he want he felt that he must have

the ring annoy him terribly; it wa embarrass for a king to have a
drop of blood on hi finger all the time! at last he took the ring off
and put it out of sight then he thought he should be perfectli happi
have hi own way; but instead he grew more unhappi as he grew less
good whenev he wa cross or could not have hi own way instantli
he flew into a passion

final he want someth that he realli could not have thi time it
wa a most beauti young girl name zelia; the princ saw her and
love her so much that he want at onc to make her hi queen to hi
great astonish she refus

am i not pleas to you? ask the princ in surpris

you are veri handsom veri charm princ said zelia; but you are
not like the good king your father; i fear you would make me veri
miser if i were your queen

in a great rage princ cherri order the young girl to be put in
prison; and the key of her dungeon he kept he told one of hi friend
a wick man who flatter him for hi own purpos about the thing
and ask hi advic

are you not king? said the bad friend may you not do as you will?
keep the girl in a dungeon till she doe as you command and if she will
not sell her as a slave

but would it not be a disgrac for me to harm an innoc creature?
said the princ

it would be a disgrac to you to have it said that one of your subject
dare disobey you! said the courtier

he had cleverli touch the princ worst trait hi pride princ
cherri went at onc to zelia dungeon prepar to do thi cruel thing

zelia wa gone no one had the key save the princ himself; yet she wa
gone the onli person who could have dare to help her thought the
princ wa hi old tutor suliman the onli man left who ever rebuk
him for anyth in furi he order suliman to be put in fetter and
brought befor him

as hi servant left him to carri out the wick order there wa a
clash as of thunder in the room and then a blind light fairi
candid stood befor him her beauti face wa stern and her silver
voic rang like a trumpet as she said wick and selfish princ you
have becom baser than the beast you hunt; you are furiou as a lion
reveng as a serpent greedi as a wolf and brutal as a bull; take
therefor the shape of those beast whom you resemble!

with horror the princ felt himself be transform into a monster
he tri to rush upon the fairi and kill her but she had vanish with
her word as he stood her voic came from the air say sadli
learn to conquer your pride by be in submiss to your own
subject at the same moment princ cherri felt himself be
transport to a distant forest where he wa set down by a clear
stream in the water he saw hi own terribl image; he had the head of a
lion with bull horn the feet of a wolf and a tail like a serpent
and as he gaze in horror the fairi voic whisper your soul ha
becom more ugli than your shape is; you yourself have deform it

the poor beast rush away from the sound of her word but in a moment
he stumbl into a trap set by bear-catch when the trapper found
him they were delight to have caught a curios and they immedi
drag him to the palac courtyard there he heard the whole court
buzz with gossip princ cherri had been struck by lightn and
kill wa the news and the five favourit courtier had struggl to
make themselv ruler but the peopl had refus them and offer the
crown to suliman the good old tutor

even as he heard thi the princ saw suliman on the step of the
palac speak to the peopl i will take the crown to keep in
trust he said perhap the princ is not dead

he wa a bad king; we do not want him back said the peopl

i know hi heart said suliman it is not all bad; it is taint but
not corrupt; perhap he will repent and come back to us a good king

when the beast heard thi it touch him so much that he stop
tear at hi chain and becam gentl he let hi keeper lead him
away to the royal menageri without hurt them

life wa veri terribl to the princ now but he began to see that he
had brought all hi sorrow on himself and he tri to bear it
patient the worst to bear wa the cruelti of the keeper at last one
night thi keeper wa in great danger; a tiger got loos and attack
him good enough! let him die! thought princ cherri but when he saw
how helpless the keeper wa he repent and sprang to help he kill
the tiger and save the keeper life

as he crouch at the keeper feet a voic said good action never
go unrewarded! and the terribl monster wa chang into a pretti
littl white dog

the keeper carri the beauti littl dog to the court and told the
stori and from then on cherri wa care treat and had the best
of everyth but in order to keep the littl dog from grow the
queen order that he should be fed veri littl and that wa pretti
hard for the poor princ he wa often half starv although so much
pet

one day he had carri hi crust of bread to a retir spot in the
palac wood where he love to be when he saw a poor old woman hunt
for root and seem almost starv

poor thing he thought she is even more hungri than i; and he ran
up and drop the crust at her feet

the woman ate it and seem greatli refresh

cherri wa glad of that and he wa run happili back to hi kennel
when he heard cri of distress and suddenli he saw some rough men
drag along a young girl who wa weep and cri for help what
wa hi horror to see that the young girl wa zelia! oh how he wish
he were the monster onc more so that he could kill the men and rescu
her! but he could do noth except bark and bite at the heel of the
wick men that did not stop them; they drove him off with blow and
carri zelia into a palac in the wood

poor cherri crouch by the step and watch hi heart wa full of
piti and rage but suddenli he thought i wa as bad as these men; i
myself put zelia in prison and would have treat her wors still if i
had not been prevent the thought made him so sorri and asham that
he repent bitterli the evil he had done

present a window open and cherri saw zelia lean out and throw down
a piec of meat he seiz it and wa just go to devour it when the
old woman to whom he had given hi crust snatch it away and took him
in her arm no you shall not eat it you poor littl thing she
said for everi bit of food in that hous is poison

at the same moment a voic said good action never go unrewarded!
and instantli princ cherri wa transform into a littl white dove

with great joy he flew to the open palac window to seek out hi zelia
to tri to help her but though he hunt in everi room no zelia wa to
be found he had to fli away without see her he want more than
anyth els to find her and stay near her so he flew out into the
world to seek her

he sought her in mani land until one day in a far eastern countri he
found her sit in a tent by the side of an old white-hair hermit
cherri wa wild with delight he flew to her shoulder caress her hair
with hi beak and coo in her ear

you dear love littl thing! said zelia will you stay with me? if
you will i will love you alway

ah zelia see what you have done! laugh the hermit at that
instant the white dove vanish and princ cherri stood there as
handsom and charm as ever and with a look of kind and modesti
in hi eye which had never been there befor at the same time the
hermit stood up hi flow hair chang to shine gold and hi face
becam a love woman face; it wa the fairi candid zelia ha
broken your spell she said to the princ as i meant she should when
you were worthi of her love

zelia and princ cherri fell at the fairi feet but with a beauti
smile she bade them come to their kingdom in a trice they were
transport to the princ palac where king suliman greet them with
tear of joy he gave back the throne with all hi heart and king
cherri rule again with zelia for hi queen

he wore the littl gold ring all the rest of hi life but never onc
did it have to prick him hard enough to make hi finger bleed





the gold in the orchard


there wa onc a farmer who had a fine oliv orchard he wa veri
industri and the farm alway prosper under hi care but he knew
that hi three son despis the farm work and were eager to make
wealth fast through adventur

when the farmer wa old and felt that hi time had come to die he
call the three son to him and said my son there is a pot of gold
hidden in the oliv orchard dig for it if you wish it

the son tri to get him to tell them in what part of the orchard the
gold wa hidden; but he would tell them noth more

after the farmer wa dead the son went to work to find the pot of
gold; sinc they did not know where the hiding-plac wa they agre to
begin in a line at one end of the orchard and to dig until one of them
should find the money

they dug until they had turn up the soil from one end of the orchard
to the other round the tree-root and between them but no pot of gold
wa to be found it seem as if some one must have stolen it or as if
the farmer had been wander in hi wit the three son were bitterli
disappoint to have all their work for noth

the next oliv season the oliv tree in the orchard bore more fruit
than they had ever given before; the fine cultiv they had had from
the dig brought so much fruit and of so fine a qualiti that when
it wa sold it gave the son a whole pot of gold!

and when they saw how much money had come from the orchard they
suddenli understood what the wise father had meant when he said there
is gold hidden in the orchard; dig for it






margaret of new orlean


if you ever go to the beauti citi of new orlean somebodi will be
sure to take you down into the old busi part of the citi where
there are bank and shop and hotel and show you a statu which stand
in a littl squar there it is the statu of a woman sit in a low
chair with her arm around a child who lean against her the woman is
not at all pretty: she wear thick common shoe a plain dress with a
littl shawl and a sun-bonnet; she is stout and short and her face is
a square-chin irish face; but her eye look at you like your
mother

now there is someth veri surpris about thi statue: it wa the
first one that wa ever made in america in honour of a woman even in
europ there are not mani monument to women and most of the few are to
great queen or princess veri beauti and veri richli dress you
see thi statu in new orlean is not quit like anyth els

it is the statu of a woman name margaret her whole name wa margaret
haugheri but no one in new orlean rememb her by it ani more than
you think of your dearest sister by her full name; she is just margaret
thi is her stori and it tell whi peopl made a monument for her

when margaret wa a tini babi her father and mother die and she wa
adopt by two young peopl as poor and as kind as her own parent she
live with them until she grew up then she marri and had a littl
babi of her own but veri soon her husband die and then the babi die
too and margaret wa all alon in the world she wa poor but she wa
strong and knew how to work

all day from morn until even she iron cloth in a laundri
and everi day as she work by the window she saw the littl
motherless children from the orphan asylum near by work and
play about after a while there came a great sick upon the citi
and so mani mother and father die that there were more orphan than
the asylum could possibl take care of they need a good friend now
you would hardli think would you that a poor woman who work in a
laundri could be much of a friend to them? but margaret wa she went
straight to the kind sister who had the asylum and told them she wa
go to give them part of her wage and wa go to work for them
besid pretti soon she had work so hard that she had some money
save from her wage with thi she bought two cow and a littl
deliveri cart then she carri her milk to her custom in the littl
cart everi morning; and as she went she beg the piec of food left
over from the hotel and rich hous and brought it back in the cart to
the hungri children in the asylum in the veri hardest time that wa
often all the food the poor children had

a part of the money margaret earn went everi week to the asylum and
after a few year that wa made veri much larger and better margaret
wa so care and so good at busi that in spite of her give she
bought more cow and earn more money with thi she built a home for
orphan babies; she call it her babi hous

after a time margaret had a chanc to get a bakeri and then she becam
a bread-woman instead of a milk-woman she carri the bread just as she
had carri the milk in her cart and still she kept give money to
the asylum then the great war came the civil war in all the troubl
and sick and fear of that time margaret drove her cart of bread;
and somehow she had alway enough to give the starv soldier and for
her babi besid what she sold and despit all thi she earn
enough so that when the war wa over she built a big steam factori for
her bread by thi time everybodi in the citi knew her the children all
over the citi love her; the busi men were proud of her; the poor
peopl all came to her for advic she use to sit at the open door of
her offic in a calico gown and a littl shawl and give a good word to
everybodi rich or poor

then by and by one day margaret die and when it wa time to read
her will the peopl found that with all her give she had still
save a great deal of money and that she had left everi penni of it to
the differ orphan asylum of the city--each one of them wa given
someth whether they were for white children or black for jew
cathol or protest made no difference; for margaret alway said
they are all orphan alik and just think dear that splendid
wise will wa sign with a cross instead of a name for margaret had
never learn to read or write!

when the peopl of new orlean knew that margaret wa dead they said
she wa a mother to the motherless; she wa a friend to those who had
no friends; she had wisdom greater than school can teach; we will not
let her memori go from us so they made a statu of her just as she
use to look sit in her own offic door or drive in her own
littl cart and there it stand to-day in memori of the great love and
the great power of plain margaret haugheri of new orlean





the dagda harp


you know dear in the old countri there are mani fine stori about
thing which happen so veri long ago that nobodi know exactli how
much of them is true ireland is like that it is so old that even as
long ago as four thousand year it had peopl who dug in the mine and
knew how to weav cloth and to make beauti ornament out of gold and
who could fight and make laws; but we do not know just where they came
from nor exactli how they live these peopl left us some splendid
stori about their king their fight and their beauti women; but
it all happen such a long time ago that the stori are mixtur of
thing that realli happen and what peopl said about them and we
dont know just which is which the stori are call _legends_ one of
the prettiest legend is the stori i am go to tell you about the
dagda harp

it is said that there were two quit differ kind of peopl in
ireland: one set of peopl with long dark hair and dark eye call
fomorians--they carri long slender spear made of golden bronz when
they fought--and anoth race of peopl who were golden-hair and
blue-ey and who carri short blunt heavi spear of dull metal

the golden-hair peopl had a great chieftain who wa also a kind of
high priest who wa call the dagda and thi dagda had a wonder
magic harp the harp wa beauti to look upon mighti in size made of
rare wood and ornament with gold and jewels; and it had wonder
music in it string which onli the dagda could call out when the men
were go out to battl the dagda would set up hi magic harp and
sweep hi hand across the string and a war song would ring out which
would make everi warrior buckl on hi armour brace hi knee and
shout forth to the fight! then when the men came back from the
battl weari and wound the dagda would take hi harp and strike a
few chord and as the magic music stole out upon the air everi man
forgot hi weari and the smart of hi wound and thought of the
honour he had won and of the comrad who had die besid him and of
the safeti of hi wife and children then the song would swell out
louder and everi warrior would rememb onli the glori he had help
win for the king; and each man would rise at the great tabl hi cup in
hi hand and shout long live the king!

there came a time when the fomorian and the golden-hair men were at
war; and in the midst of a great battl while the dagda hall wa not
so well guard as usual some of the chieftain of the fomorian stole
the great harp from the wall where it hung and fled away with it
their wive and children and some few of their soldier went with them
and they fled fast and far through the night until they were a long way
from the battlefield then they thought they were safe and they turn
asid into a vacant castl by the road and sat down to a banquet
hang the stolen harp on the wall

the dagda with two or three of hi warrior had follow hard on their
track and while they were in the midst of their banquet the door
wa suddenli burst open and the dagda stood there with hi men some
of the fomorian sprang to their feet but befor ani of them could
grasp a weapon the dagda call out to hi harp on the wall come to
me o my harp!

the great harp recognis it master voic and leap from the wall
whirl through the hall sweep asid and kill the men who got in
it way it sprang to it master hand and the dagda took hi harp and
swept hi hand across the string in three great solemn chord the
harp answer with the magic music of tear as the wail harmoni
smote upon the air the women of the fomorian bow their head and
wept bitterli the strong men turn their face asid and the littl
children sob

again the dagda touch the string and thi time the magic music of
mirth leap from the harp and when they heard that music of mirth the
young warrior of the fomorian began to laugh; they laugh till the
cup fell from their grasp and the spear drop from their hand
while the wine flow from the broken bowls; they laugh until their
limb were helpless with excess of glee

onc more the dagda touch hi harp but veri veri softli and now a
music stole forth as soft as dream and as sweet as joy: it wa the
magic music of sleep when they heard that gentli gentli the fomorian
women bow their head in slumber; the littl children crept to their
mother laps; the old men nodded; and the young warrior droop in
their seat and close their eyes: one after anoth all the fomorian
sank into sleep

when they were all deep in slumber the dagda took hi magic harp and
he and hi golden-hair warrior stole softli away and came in safeti
to their own home again




the tailor and the three beast


there wa onc a tailor in galway and he start out on a journey to go
to the king court at dublin

he had not gone far when he met a white hors and he salut him

god save you said the tailor

god save you said the hors where are you going?

i am go to dublin said the tailor to build a court for the king
and to get a ladi for a wife if i am abl to do it for it seem the
king had promis hi daughter and a great lot of money to anyon who
should be abl to build up hi court the troubl wa that three giant
live in the wood near the court and everi night they came out of the
wood and threw down all that wa built by day so nobodi could get the
court built

would you make me a hole said the old white garraun where i could
go in to hide whenev the peopl come to fetch me to the mill or the
kiln so that they wont see me; for they tire me out do work for
them?

ill do that inde said the tailor and welcom

he brought hi spade and shovel and he made a hole and he ask the
old white hors to go down into it so that he could see if it would fit
him the white hors went down into the hole but when he tri to come
up again he wa not abl

make a place for me now said the white hors by which i can come up
out of the hole here whenev i am hungri

i will not said the tailor; remain where you are until i come back
and ill lift you up

the tailor went forward next day and the fox met him

god save you said the fox

god save you said the tailor

where are you going? said the fox

im go to dublin to tri to make a court for the king

would you make a place for me where i can hide? said the fox the
rest of the fox are alway beat me and they will not allow me to
eat anyth with them

ill do that for you said the tailor

he took hi axe and hi saw and he made a thing like a crate and he
told the fox to get into it so that he could see whether it would fit
him the fox went into it and when the tailor had him down he shut him
in when the fox wa satisfi at last that he had a nice place of it
within he ask the tailor to let him out and the tailor answer that
he would not

wait there until i come back again said he

the tailor went forward the next day and he had not walk veri far
when he met a lion; and the lion greet him

god save you said the lion

god save you said the tailor

where are you going? said the lion

im go to dublin to make a court for the king if i am abl to make
it said the tailor

if you were to make a plough for me said the lion i and the other
lion could be plough and harrow until wed have a bit to eat in
the harvest

ill do that for you said the tailor

he brought hi axe and hi saw and he made a plough when the plough
wa made he put a hole in the beam of it and got the lion to go in
under the plough so that he might see if he wa ani good as a
ploughman he place the lion tail in the hole he had made for it and
then clap in a peg and the lion wa not abl to draw out hi tail
again

loos me now said the lion and well fix ourselv and go
plough

the tailor said he would not loos him until he came back himself he
left him there then and he came to dublin

when he arriv he engag workmen and began to build the court at the
end of the day he had the workmen put a great stone on top of the work
when the great stone wa rais up the tailor put some sort of
contriv under it that he might be abl to throw it down as soon as
the giant came near to it the workpeopl then went home and the
tailor went in hide behind the big stone

when the dark of the night wa come he saw the three giant
arriv and they began throw down the court until they arriv at
the place where the tailor wa in hide up abov and one of them
struck a blow with hi sledg on the place where he wa the tailor
threw down the stone and it fell on him and kill him the other two
went home then and left all of the court that wa remain without
throw it down sinc their companion wa dead

the workmen came again the next day and they were work until night
and as they were go home the tailor told them to put up the big
stone on the top of the work as it had been the night befor they did
that for him went home and the tailor went in hide the same as he
did the even befor

when the peopl had all gone to rest the two giant came and they were
throw down all that wa befor them but as soon as they began the
tailor commenc manoeuvr until he wa abl to throw down the great
stone so that it fell upon the skull of the giant that wa under him
and it kill him after thi there wa onli the one giant left and he
never came again until the court wa finish

then when the work wa over the tailor went to the king and told him to
give him hi wife and hi money as he had the court finished; and the
king said he would not give him ani wife until he had kill the other
giant for he said that it wa not by hi strength he had kill the two
giant befor and that he would give him noth now until he kill
the other one for him then the tailor said that he would kill the other
giant for him and welcome; that there should be no delay at all about
that

the tailor went then till he came to the place where the other giant
wa and ask did he want a servant-boy the giant said he did want
one if he could get one who would do everyth that he would do
himself

anyth that you will do i will do said the tailor

they went to their dinner then and when they had eaten it the giant
ask the tailor would he dare to swallow as much boil broth as
himself the tailor said i will certainli do that but you must give
me an hour befor we commenc the tailor went out then and he got a
sheepskin which he sew up until he made a bag of it and he slip
it down under hi coat he came in then and told the giant first to
drink a gallon of the broth himself the giant drank that up while it
wa boil ill do that said the tailor he went on until it wa
all pour into the skin and the giant thought he had drunk it the
giant drank anoth gallon then and the tailor let anoth gallon down
into the skin but the giant thought he wa drink it

ill do a thing now that you will not dare to do said the tailor

you will not said the giant what is it you would do?

make a hole and let out the broth again said the tailor

do it yourself first said the giant

the tailor gave a prod of the knife and he let the broth out of the
skin

now you do that said he

i will said the giant give such a prod of the knife into hi own
stomach that he kill himself that is the way the tailor kill the
third giant

he went to the king then and desir him to send him out hi wife and
hi money say that he would throw down the court again if he did not
do so immedi they were afraid then that he would throw down the
court and they sent the wife to him

when the tailor wa a day gone himself and hi wife they repent and
follow him to take hi wife away from him again the peopl who went
after him follow him until they came to the place where the lion wa
and the lion said to them the tailor and hi wife were here yesterday
i saw them go by and if you will loos me now i am swifter than
you and i will follow them until i overtak them when they heard
that they releas the lion

the lion and the peopl of dublin went on and pursu the tailor until
they came to the place where the fox wa and the fox greet them and
said the tailor and hi wife were here thi morn and if you will
loos me i am swifter than you and i will follow them and overtak
them they therefor set the fox free

the lion and the fox and the armi of dublin went on then tri to
catch the tailor and they kept go until they came to the place
where the old white garraun wa and the old white garraun told them
that the tailor and hi wife were there in the morn and loos me
said he; i am swifter than you and ill overtak them they releas
the old white garraun then and the old white garraun the fox the
lion and the armi of dublin pursu the tailor and hi wife and it wa
not long befor they came up with them

when the tailor saw them come he got out of the coach with hi wife
and he sat down on the ground

when the old white garraun saw the tailor sit on the ground he
said that the posit he wa in when he made the hole for me that
i couldnt get out of when i went down into it ill go no nearer to
him

no! said the fox but that the way he wa when he wa make the
thing for me and ill go no nearer to him

no! say the lion but that the veri way he had when he wa make
the plough that i wa caught in ill go no nearer to him

they all left him then and return the tailor and hi wife came home
to galway



how the sea becam salt


thi stori wa told long ago by our northern forefath who brought it
with them in their dragon ship when they cross the north sea to
settl in england in those day men were apt to invent stori to
account for thing about them which seem peculiar and love the sea
as they did it is not strang that they had remark the peculiar of
the ocean water and had found a reason whi it is so differ from the
water in the river and steam

thi is not the onli stori that ha come down to tell us how peopl of
old account for the sea be salt there are mani such stori each
differ from the other all show that the same childlik spirit of
inquiri wa at work in differ place strive to find an answer to
thi riddl of natur

* * * * *

there sprang from the son of odin a race of men who becam mighti king
of the earth and one of these name frode rule over the land that
are call denmark

now about thi time were found in denmark two great millston so larg
that no one had the strength to turn them so frode sent for all the
wise men of the land and bade them examin the stone and tell him of
what use they were sinc no one could grind with them

and after the wise men had look close at them and read the magic
letter which were cut upon their edg they said that the millston
were preciou inde sinc they would grind out of noth anyth
that the miller might wish

so king frode sent messeng over the world to find for him two
servant who would be strong enough to grind with the millston and
after a long long time hi messeng found him two maid-serv who
were bigger and stronger than anyon in denmark had ever seen but no
one guess that these were realli giant-maiden who bore a grudg
against all of the race of odin

directli the giant-maiden were brought befor frode and befor they
had rest after their long journey or satisfi their hunger he bade
them go to the mill and grind for him gold and peac and happi

they sang and swung
the swift mill stone
and with loud voic
they made their moan
we grind for frode
wealth and gold
abund rich
he shall behold

present frode came into the mill to see that the new servant were
perform their task dilig and as he watch them from the shadow
by the door the maiden stay their grind for a while to rest

the greedi man could not bear to see even an instant paus and he
came out of the shadow and bade them with harsh word go on grind
and ceas not except for so long as the cuckoo wa silent or while he
himself sang a song now it wa earli summer-tim and the cuckoo wa
call all the day and most of the night

so the giant-maiden wax veri wroth with king frode and as they
resum their labour they sang a song of the hard of their lot in
the household of thi pitiless king

they had been grind out wealth and happi and peac but now they
bade the magic stone to grind someth veri differ

present as the great stone move round and round frode who still
stood by heard one chant in a low sing-song voice--

i see a fire east of the town--th curlew awak and sound a note of
warn a host approach in hast to burn the dwell of the king

and the next took up her song--

no longer will frode sit on hi throne and rule over ring of red gold
and mighti millston now must we grind with all our might--and
behold! red warrior come forth--and reveng and bloodsh and ruin

then frode shook from head to foot in hi terror for he heard the tramp
of a mighti host of warrior advanc from the sea and as he look
for a way of escap the brace of the millston broke with the strong
grind and fell in two and the whole world shook and trembl with
the mighti shock of that break

but through the crash and din came the voic of the giant-maiden
loudli chanting--

we have turn the stone round;
though weari the maiden
see what they have ground!

and that same night a mighti sea-k came up and slew frode and
plunder hi citi

when he had sack the citi the sea-k took on board hi ship the two
giant-maiden and with them the broken millston and he bade them
begin at onc to grind salt for of thi he had veri scanti store

so they ground and ground; and in the middl of the night be weari
they ask the sea-k if he had not got salt enough

but the sea-k wa hard of heart like frode and he roughli bade them
go on grind and the maiden did so and work to such effect that
within a short time the millston had ground out so much salt that the
weight of it began to sink the ship down down it sank ship and giant
and millston and in that spot in the veri middl of the ocean aros
a whirlpool from whenc the salt is carri north and south east and
west throughout the water of the earth

and that is how the sea becam salt




the castl of fortun


one love summer morn just as the sun rose two travel start
on a journey they were both strong young men but one wa a lazi fellow
and the other wa a worker

as the first sunbeam came over the hill they shone on a great castl
stand on the height as far away as the eye could see it wa a
wonder and beauti castl all glisten tower that gleam like
marbl and glanc window that shone like crystal the two young men
look at it eagerli and long to go nearer

suddenli out of the distanc someth like a great butterfli of
white and gold swept toward them and when it came nearer they saw
that it wa a most beauti ladi robe in float garment as fine as
cobweb and wear on her head a crown so bright that no one could tell
whether it wa of diamond or of dew she stood light as air on a
great shine golden ball which roll along with her swifter than
the wind as she pass the travel she turn her face to them and
smile

follow me! she said

the lazi man sat down in the grass with a discont sigh she ha
an easi time of it! he said

but the industri man ran after the love ladi and caught the hem of
her float robe in hi grasp who are you and whither are you
going? he ask

i am the fairi of fortun the beauti ladi said and that is my
castl you may reach it to-day if you will; there is time if you
wast none if you reach it befor the last stroke of midnight i will
receiv you there and will be your friend but if you come one second
after midnight it will be too late

when she had said thi her robe slip from the travel hand and
she wa gone

the industri man hurri back to hi friend and told him what the
fairi had said

the idea! said the lazi man and he laughed; of cours if we had a
hors there would be some chanc but _walk_ all that way? no thank
you!

then good-by said hi friend i am off and he set out down the
road toward the shine castl with a good steadi stride hi eye
straight ahead

the lazi man lay down in the soft grass and look rather wist at
the far-away tower if onli i had a good horse! he sigh

just at that moment he felt someth warm nose about at hi shoulder
and heard a littl whinni he turn round and there stood a littl
horse! it wa a dainti creatur gentle-look and fine built and
it wa saddl and bridl

hello! said the lazi man luck often come when one isnt look for
it! and in an instant he had leap on the hors and head him for
the castl of fortun the littl hors start at a fine pace and in a
veri few minut they overtook the other travel plod along on
foot

how do you like shank pony? laugh the lazi man as he pass hi
friend

the industri man onli nod and kept on with hi steadi stride
eye straight ahead

the hors kept hi good pace and by noon the tower of the castl stood
out against the sky much nearer and more beauti exactli at noon
the hors turn asid from the road into a shadi grove on a hill and
stop

wise beast said hi rider: hast make wast and all thing are
better in moder ill follow your exampl and eat and rest a bit
he dismount and sat down in the cool moss with hi back against a
tree he had a lunch in hi travel pouch and he ate it
comfort then he felt drowsi from the heat and the earli ride so he
pull hi hat over hi eye and settl himself for a nap it will go
all the better for a littl rest he said

that _was_ a sleep! he slept like the seven sleeper and he dream the
most beauti thing you could imagin at last he dream that he had
enter the castl of fortun and wa be receiv with great
festiv everyth he want wa brought to him and music play
while firework were set off in hi honour the music wa so loud that
he awok he sat up rub hi eye and behold the firework were
the veri last ray of the set sun and the music wa the voic of
the other travel pass the grove on foot!

time to be off said the lazi man and look about him for the pretti
hors no hors wa to be found the onli live thing near wa an old
boni grey donkey the man call and whistl and look but no
littl hors appear after a long while he gave it up and sinc
there wa noth better to do he mount the old grey donkey and set
out again

the donkey wa slow and he wa hard to ride but he wa better than
nothing; and gradual the lazi man saw the tower of the castl draw
nearer

now it began to grow dark; in the castl window the light began to
show then came trouble! slower and slower went the grey donkey;
slower and slower till in the veri middl of a pitch-black wood he
stop and stood still not a step would he budg for all the coax
and scold and beat hi rider could give at last the rider kick
him as well as beat him and at that the donkey felt that he had had
enough up went hi hind heel and down went hi head and over it went
the lazi man on to the stoni ground

there he lay groan for mani minut for it wa not a soft place i
can assur you how he wish he were in a soft warm bed with hi
ach bone comfort in blankets! the veri thought of it made him
rememb the castl of fortun for he knew there must be fine bed
there to get to those bed he wa even will to bestir hi poor
limb so he sat up and felt about him for the donkey

no donkey wa to be found

the lazi man crept round and round the spot where he had fallen
scratch hi hand on the stump tore hi face in the brier and
bump hi knee on the stone but no donkey wa there he would have
laid down to sleep again but he could hear now the howl of hungri
wolv in the woods; that it did not sound pleasant final hi hand
struck against someth that felt like a saddl he grasp it
thank and start to mount hi donkey

the beast he took hold of seem veri small and as he mount he felt
that it side were moist and slimi it gave him a shudder and he
hesitated; but at that moment he heard a distant clock strike it wa
strike eleven! there wa still time to reach the castl of fortun
but no more than enough; so he mount hi new steed and rode on onc
more the anim wa easier to sit on than the donkey and the saddl
seem remark high behind; it wa good to lean against but even the
donkey wa not so slow as this; the new steed wa slower than he after
a while howev he push hi way out of the wood into the open and
there stood the castl onli a littl way ahead! all it window were
ablaz with light a ray from them fell on the lazi man beast and he
saw what he wa riding: it wa a gigant snail! a snail as larg as a
calf!

a cold shudder ran over the lazi man bodi and he would have got off
hi horrid anim then and there but just then the clock struck onc
more it wa the first of the long slow stroke that mark midnight! the
man grew frantic when he heard it he drove hi heel into the snail
side to make him hurri instantli the snail drew in hi head curl
up in hi shell and left the lazi man sit in a heap on the ground!

the clock struck twice if the man had run for it he could still have
reach the castl but instead he sat still and shout for a hors

a beast a beast! he wail ani kind of a beast that will take me to
the castle!

the clock struck three time and as it struck the third note someth
came rustl and rattl out of the dark someth that sound
like a hors with har the lazi man jump on it back a veri
queer low back as he mount he saw the door of the castl open and
saw hi friend stand on the threshold wave hi cap and beckon
to him

the clock struck four time and the new steed began to stir; as it
struck five he move a pace forward; as it struck six he stopped; as
it struck seven he turn himself about; as it struck eight he began
to move backward away from the castle!

the lazi man shout and beat him but the beast went slowli backward
and the clock struck nine the man tri to slide off then but from
all side of hi strang anim great arm came reach up and held him
fast and in the next ray of moonlight that broke the dark cloud he
saw that he wa mount on a monster crab!

one by one the light went out in the castl window the clock struck
ten backward went the crab eleven! still the crab went backward the
clock struck twelve! then the great door shut with a clang and the
castl of fortun wa close for ever to the lazi man

what becam of him and hi crab no one know to thi day and no one
care but the industri man wa receiv by the fairi of fortun and
made happi in the castl as long as he want to stay and ever
afterward she wa hi friend help him not onli to happi for
himself but also show him how to help other wherev he went



david and goliath


a long time ago there wa a boy name david who live in a countri in
the far east he wa good to look upon for he had fair hair and a ruddi
skin; and he wa veri strong and brave and modest he wa shepherd-boy
for hi father and all day--often all night--h wa out in the field
far from home watch over the sheep he had to guard them from wild
anim and lead them to the right pastur and care for them

by and by war broke out between the peopl of david countri and a
peopl that live near at hand; these men were call philistin and
the peopl of david countri were name israelit all the strong men
of israel went up to the battl to fight for their king david three
older brother went but he wa onli a boy so he wa left behind to
care for the sheep

after the brother had been gone some time david father long veri
much to hear from them and to know if they were safe; so he sent for
david from the field and said to him take now for thi brother an
ephah of thi parch corn and these ten loav and run to the camp
where thi brother are; and carri these ten chees to the captain of
their thousand and see how thi brother fare and bring me word again
(an ephah is about three pecks)

david rose earli in the morn and left the sheep with a keeper and
took the corn and the loav and the chees as hi father had
command him and went to the camp of the israelit

the camp stood on a mountain on the one side and the philistin stood
on a mountain on the other side; and there wa a valley between david
came to the place where the israelit were just as the host wa go
forth to the fight shout for the battl so he left hi gift in the
hand of the keeper of the baggag and ran into the armi amongst the
soldier to find hi brother when he found them he salut them and
began to talk with them

but while he wa ask them the question hi father had command
there aros a great shout and tumult among the israelit and men
came run back from the front line of battle; everyth becam
confus david look to see what the troubl wa and he saw a
strang sight: down the slope of the opposit mountain came stride a
philistin warrior call out someth in a taunt voice; he wa a
gigant man the largest david had ever seen and he wa cover with
armour that shone in the sun: he had a helmet of brass upon hi head
and he wa arm with a coat of mail and he had greav of brass upon
hi leg and a target of brass between hi shoulders; hi spear wa so
tremend that the staff of it wa like a weaver beam and hi shield
so great that a man went befor him to carri it

who is that? ask david

it is goliath of gath champion of the philistin said the soldier
about everi day for forti day he ha come forth so and challeng
us to send a man against him in singl combat; and sinc no one dare
to go out against him alon the armi cannot fight (that wa one of
the law of warfar in those times)

what! said david doe none dare go out against him?

as he spoke the giant stood still on the hillsid opposit the host
of israel and shout hi challeng scorn he said whi are ye
come out to set your battl in array? am i not a philistin and ye
servant of saul? choos you a man and let him come down to me if he
be abl to fight with me and to kill me then will we be your servants;
but if i prevail against him and kill him then shall ye be our
servant and serv us i defi the armi of israel thi day; give me a
man that we may fight together!

when king saul heard these word he wa dismay and all the men of
israel when they saw the man fled from him and were sore afraid david
heard them talk among themselv whisper and murmur they were
say have ye seen thi man that is come up? sure if anyon killeth
him that man will the king make rich; perhap he will give him hi
daughter in marriag and make hi famili free in israel!

david heard thi and he ask the men if it were so it wa sure so
they said

but said david who is thi philistin that he should defi the
armi of the live god? and he wa stir with anger

veri soon some of the offic told the king about the youth who wa
ask so mani question and who said that it wa shame upon israel
that a mere philistin should defi the armi of the live god
immedi saul sent for him when david came befor saul he said to
the king let no man heart fail becaus of him; thi servant will go
and fight with thi philistin

but saul look at david and said thou art not abl to go against
thi philistin to fight with him for thou art but a youth and he ha
been a man of war from hi youth

then david said to saul onc i wa keep my father sheep and
there came a lion and a bear and took a lamb out of the flock; and i
went out after the lion and struck him; and deliv the lamb out of
hi mouth and when he aros against me i caught him by the beard and
struck him and slew him! thi servant slew both the lion and the bear;
and thi philistin shall be as one of them for he hath defi the
armi of the live god the lord who deliv me out of the paw of
the lion and out of the paw of the bear he will deliv me out of the
hand of thi philistin

go said saul and the lord be with thee!

and he arm david with hi own armour--h put a helmet of brass upon
hi head and arm him with a coat of mail but when david gird hi
sword upon hi armour and tri to walk he said to saul i cannot go
with these for i am not use to them and he put them off

then he took hi staff in hi hand and went and chose five smooth stone
out of the brook and put them in a shepherd bag which he had; and hi
sling wa in hi hand; and he went out and drew near to the philistin

and the philistin came on and drew near to david; and the man that bore
hi shield went befor him and when the philistin look about and saw
david he disdain him for david wa but a boy and ruddi and of a
fair counten and he said to david am i a dog that thou comest to
me with a cudgel? and with curs he cri out again come to me and
i will give thi flesh unto the fowl of the air and to the beast of
the field

but david look at him and answer thou comest to me with a sword
and with a spear and with a shield; but i come to thee in the name of
the lord of host the god of the armi of israel whom thou hast
defi thi day will the lord deliv thee into my hand and i will
smite thee and take thi head from thee and i will give the carcass
of the host of the philistin thi day unto the fowl of the air and
to the wild beast of the earth that all the earth may know that there
is a god in israel! and all thi assembl shall know that the lord
saveth not with sword and spear; for the battl is the lord and he
will give you into our hand

and then when the philistin aros and came and drew nigh to meet
david david made hast and ran toward the armi to meet the philistin
and when he wa a littl way from him he put hi hand in hi bag and
took from thenc a stone and put it in hi sling and slung it and
smote the philistin in the forehead so that the stone sank into hi
forehead; and he fell on hi face to the earth

and david ran and stood upon the philistin and took hi sword and
drew it out of it sheath and slew him with it

then when the philistin saw that their champion wa dead they fled
but the armi of israel pursu them and victori wa with the men of
israel

and after the battl david wa taken to the king tent and made a
captain over mani men; and he went no more to hi father hous to
herd the sheep but becam a man in the king servic




the shepherd song


david had mani fierc battl to fight for king saul against the enemi
of israel and he won them all then later he had to fight against the
king own soldier to save himself for king saul grew wickedli
jealou of david fame as a soldier and tri to kill him twice when
david had a chanc to kill the king he forbor to harm him; but even
then saul continu tri to take hi life and david wa kept away
from hi home as if he were an enemi

but when king saul die the peopl chose david for their king becaus
there wa no one so brave so wise or so faith to god king david
live a long time and made hi peopl famou for victori and happiness;
he had mani troubl and mani war but he alway trust that god would
help him and he never desert hi own peopl in ani hard place

after a battl or when it wa a holiday or when he wa veri thank
for someth king david use to make song and sing them befor the
peopl some of these song were so beauti that they have never been
forgotten after all these hundr and hundr of year we sing them
still; we call them psalm

often after david had made a song hi chief musician would sing with
him as the peopl gather to worship god sometim the singer were
divid into two great chorus and went to the servic in two
processions; then one choru would sing a vers of david song and the
other process would answer with the next and then both would sing
together; it wa veri beauti to hear even now we sometim do that
with the song of david in our church

one of hi psalm that everybodi love is a song that david made when he
rememb the day befor he came to saul camp he rememb the
day and night he use to spend in the field with the sheep when he
wa just a shepherd-boy; and he thought to himself that god had taken
care of him just as care as he himself use to care for the littl
lamb it is a beauti song; i wish we knew the music that david made
for it but we onli know hi word i will tell it to you now and then
you may learn it to say for yourselv

the lord is my shepherd; i shall not want

he maketh me to lie down in green pastures; he leadeth me
besid the still water

he restoreth my soul; he leadeth me in the path of
righteous for hi name sake

yea though i walk through the valley of the shadow of
death i will fear no evil: for thou art with me; thi rod
and thi staff they comfort me

thou preparest a tabl befor me in the presenc of mine
enemies: thou anointest my head with oil; my cup runneth
over

sure good and merci shall follow me all the day of my
life; and i will dwell in the hous of the lord for ever=




the hidden servant


thi is a legend about a hermit who live long ago he live high up on
the mountainsid in a tini cave; hi food wa root and acorn a bit of
bread given by a peasant or a chees brought by a woman who want hi
prayers; hi work wa pray and think about god for forti year
he live so preach to the peopl pray for them comfort them
in troubl and most of all worship in hi heart there wa just
one thing he care about: it wa to make hi soul so pure and perfect
that it could be one of the stone in god great templ of heaven

one day after the forti year he had a great long to know how far
along he had got with hi work--how it look to the heavenli father
and he pray that he might be shown a man--

whose soul in the heavenli grace had grown
to the selfsam measur as hi own;
whose treasur on the celesti shore
could neither be less than hi nor more

as he look up from hi prayer a white-rob angel stood in the path
befor him the hermit bow befor the messeng with great glad
for he knew that hi wish wa answer go to the nearest town the
angel said and there in the public squar you will find a mountebank
(a clown) make the peopl laugh for money he is the man you seek; hi
soul ha grown to the selfsam statur as your own; hi treasur on the
celesti shore is neither less than your nor more

when the angel had fade from sight the hermit bow hi head again
but thi time with great sorrow and fear had hi forti year of prayer
been a terribl mistak and wa hi soul inde like a clown fool
in the market-place? he knew not what to think almost he hope he
should not find the man and could believ that he had dream the angel
vision but when he came after a long tire walk to the villag and
the squar alas! there wa the clown do hi silli trick for the
crowd

the hermit stood and look at him with terror and sad for he felt
that he wa look at hi own soul the face he saw wa thin and tire
and though it kept a smile or a grin for the peopl it seem veri sad
to the hermit soon the man felt the hermit eyes; he could not go on
with hi trick and when he had stop and the crowd had left the
hermit went and drew the man asid to a place where they could rest; for
he want more than anyth els on earth to know what the man soul
wa like becaus what it wa hi wa

so after a littl he ask the clown veri gentli what hi life wa
what it had been and the clown answer veri sadli that it wa just
as it looked--a life of foolish trick for that wa the onli way of
earn hi bread that he knew

but have you never been anyth different? ask the hermit
pain

the clown head sank in hi hand ye holi father he said i have
been someth els i wa a thief! i onc belong to the most wick
band of mountain robber that ever torment the land and i wa as
wick as the worst

alas! the hermit felt that hi heart wa break wa thi how he
look to the heavenli father--lik a thief a cruel mountain robber? he
could hardli speak and the tear stream from hi old eye but he
gather strength to ask one more question i beg you he said if
you have ever done a singl good deed in your life rememb it now and
tell it to me; for he thought that even one good deed would save him
from utter despair

ye one the clown said but it wa so small it is not worth
telling; my life ha been worthless

tell me that one! plead the hermit

onc said the man our band broke into a convent garden and stole
away one of the nun to sell as a slave or to keep for a ransom we
drag her with us over the rough long way to our mountain camp and
set a guard over her for the night the poor thing pray to us so
piteous to let her go! and as she beg she look from one hard
face to anoth with trust implor eye as if she could not
believ men could be realli bad father when her eye met mine
someth pierc my heart! piti and shame leap up for the first
time within me but i made my face as hard and cruel as the rest and
she turn away hopeless

when all wa dark and still i stole like a cat to where she lay bound
i put my hand on her wrist and whisper trust me and i will take you
safe home i cut her bond with my knife and she look at me to
show that she trust father by terribl way that i knew hidden from
the other i took her safe to the convent gate she knocked; they
opened; and she slip insid and as she left me she turn and
said god will rememb

that wa all i could not go back to the old bad life and i had never
learn an honest way to earn my bread so i becam a clown and must be
a clown until i die

no! no! my son cri the hermit and now hi tear were tear of joy
god ha remembered; your soul is in hi sight even as mine who have
pray and preach for forti year your treasur wait for you on the
heavenli shore just as mine doe

as _yours_? father you mock me! said the clown

but when the hermit told him the stori of hi prayer and the angel
answer the poor clown wa transfigur with joy for he knew that hi
sin were forgiven and when the hermit went home to hi mountain the
clown went with him he too becam a hermit and spent hi time in
prais and prayer

togeth they live and work and help the poor and when after
two year the man who had been a clown die the hermit felt that he
had lost a brother more holi than himself

for ten year more the hermit live in hi mountain hut think alway
of god fast and pray and do no least thing that wa wrong
then one day the wish onc more came to know how hi work wa
grow and onc more he pray that he might see a being--

whose soul in the heavenli grace had grown
to the selfsam measur as hi own;
whose treasur on the celesti shore
could neither be less than hi nor more

onc more hi prayer wa answer the angel came to him and told him
to go to a certain villag on the other side of the mountain and to a
small farm in it where two women live in them he should find two
soul like hi own in god sight

when the hermit came to the door of the littl farm the two women who
live there were overjoy to see him for everyon love and honour
hi name they put a chair for him on the cool porch and brought food
and drink but the hermit wa too eager to wait he long greatli to
know what the soul of the two women were like and from their look he
could see onli that they were gentl and honest one wa old and the
other of middl age

present he ask them about their live they told him the littl
there wa to tell: they had work hard alway in the field with their
husband or in the house; they had mani children; they had seen hard
times--sick sorrow; but they had never despair

but what of your good deed the hermit asked--what have you done
for god?

veri littl they said sadli for they were too poor to give much to
be sure twice everi year when they kill a sheep for food they gave
half to their poorer neighbour

that is veri good veri faith the hermit said and is there ani
other good deed you have done?

noth said the older woman unless unless--it might be call a
good deed---- she look at the younger woman who smile back at her

what? said the hermit

still the woman hesitated; but at last she said timidli it is not
much to tell father onli thi that it is twenti year sinc my
sister-in-law and i came to live togeth in the house; we have brought
up our famili here; and in all the twenti year there ha never been a
cross word between us or a look that wa less than kind

the hermit bent hi head befor the two women and gave thank in hi
heart if my soul is as these he said i am bless inde

and suddenli a great light came into the hermit mind and he saw how
mani way there are of serv god some serv him in church and in
hermit cell by prais and prayer; some poor soul who have been veri
wick turn from their wicked with sorrow and serv him with
repentance; some live faith and gentli in humbl home work
bring up children keep kind and cheerful; some bear pain
patient for hi sake endless endless way there are that onli the
heavenli father see

and so as the hermit climb the mountain again he thought--

as he saw the star-lik glow
of light in the cottag window far
how mani god hidden servant are!





littl gottlieb


across the north sea in a countri call germani live a littl boy
name gottlieb hi father had die when he wa but a babi and although
from earli morn till late at night hi mother sat pli her needl
she found it difficult inde to provid food and cloth and shelter
for her littl boy and herself

gottlieb wa not old enough to work but he would often sit on a small
stool at hi mother feet and dream about the wonder thing he would
do for hi dear mother when he grew to be a man and she wa comfort
as she look upon her boy and the thought that she wa work for him
often gave strength to her tire finger

but one night gottlieb saw that hi mother wa more than usual
troubl everi now and then she would sigh and a tear would trickl
down her cheek the littl boy had grown quick to read these sign of
distress and he thought christma will be here soon and dear mother
is think of what a sad time it will be

what would gottlieb have given to be abl to comfort hi mother! he
could onli sit and brood while hi young heart swell and a lump rose
in hi throat at the thought that he could do noth

present howev a happi fanci came to him wa not the christ child
born on christma day and did not he send good gift to men on hi
birthday? but then came the thought he will never find us our home is
so mean and small it seem foolish to hope but a boy is not long
cast down and as gottlieb sat dream a happi inspir came to
him steal softli from the room he took paper and pen for he had
learnt to write and spelt out word after word a letter which he
address to the christ child

you may be sure that the postman wa puzzl what to do with thi letter
when he sort it out of the heap in the letter-box perhap the
burgomast would know the right thing to do? so the postman took the
letter to the great burli man who live in the big hous and wore a gold
chain round hi neck the burgomast open the envelop and as he
read the letter written in the trembl hand of a child tear came
into hi eye but he spoke gruffli enough to the postman thi must
be a foolish boy; a small one i have no doubt

soon christma morn dawn and gottlieb woke veri earli but other
were up befor him for to hi surpris he saw a strang gentleman
with hi mother hi wonder eye soon perceiv other unusu
object for the hearth wa pile with wood and the tabl wa load
with food and dainti such as he had never even imagin

gottlieb enter the room just as hi mother threw herself at the
stranger feet to bless him for hi gener good to the widow and
orphan nay give me no thank worthi dame said the visitor rather
be grate to your littl son and to the good lord to whom he wrote
for aid

then he turn to gottlieb with a smile you see that although you
wrote to the christ child your prayer for aid came onli to the
burgomast the gift you ask for are here but they come from my
hand but gottlieb answer him humbl nay sir the christ child
sent them for he put the thought in your heart





how the fir tree becam the christma tree


when you stand round the christma tree and look longingli at the toy
hang from the prickli branch it doe not occur to you to ask whi
it is alway thi particular tree that is so honour at christma the
dark green fir look so majest when laden with bright toy and lit up
by christma candl that perhap it is not easi to believ that it is
the most modest of tree but so it is and becaus of it humil it
wa chosen to bear christma gift to the children thi is the story:

when the christ child wa born all peopl anim tree and other
plant felt that a great happi had come into the world and truli
the heavenli father had sent with the holi babe hi bless of peac
and goodwil to all everi day peopl came to see the sweet babe
bring present in their hand by the stabl wherein lay the christ
child stood three tree and as the peopl came and went under their
spread branch they thought that they too would like to give
present to the child

said the palm i will choos my biggest leaf and place it as a fan
besid the manger to waft soft air to the child

and i said the oliv i will sprinkl sweet-smel oil over him

what can i give to the child? ask the fir

you? said the other you have noth to offer your needl would
prick the wee babe and your tear are sticki

thi made the poor fir veri unhappi inde and it said sadli ye
you are right i have noth that would be good enough to offer to the
christ child

now quit near to the tree had stood an angel who had heard all that
had pass he wa move to piti the fir who wa so lowli and without
envi of the other tree and he resolv to help it

high in the dark of the heaven the star were begin to twinkl and
the angel beg some of the littl one to come down and rest upon the
branch of the fir thi they were glad to do and their silveri light
shone among the branch just like christma candl from where he lay
the christ child could see the great dark even world and the darker
form of the tree keep watch like faith guardian besid the
open door of the stable; and to it delight the fir tree saw the face of
the babe illumin with a heavenli smile as he look upon the twinkl
light

the christ child did not forget the love sight and long afterward he
bade that to celebr hi birthday there should be place in everi
hous a fir tree which might be lit up with candl to shine for the
children as the star shone for him on hi first birthday

wa not the fir tree richli reward for it meekness? sure there is
no other tree that shine on so mani happi faces!





the diamond and the dewdrop


a costli diamond that had onc sparkl in a ladi ring lay in a
field amid tall grass and oxey daisi

just abov it wa a big dewdrop that clung timidli to a nod
grass-blad

overhead the blaze sun shone in all hi noonday glori

ever sinc the first pink blush of dawn the modest dewdrop had gaze
fixedli down upon the rich gem but fear to address a person of such
exalt consequ

at last a larg beetl dure hi rambl chanc to espi the
diamond and he also recognis him to be some one of great rank and
import

sire he said make a low bow permit your humbl servant to offer
you greet

tha--nk respond the diamond in languid tone of affect

as the beetl rais hi head from hi profound bow hi gaze happen
to alight upon the dewdrop

a rel of your i presum sire? he remark affabl wave one
of hi feeler in the direct of the dewdrop

the diamond burst into a rude contemptu laugh

quit _too_ absurd i declare! he exclaim loftili but there what
_can_ you expect from a low grovel beetle? away sir pass on! your
veri presenc is distast to me the _idea_ of place me upon the
same level--in the same famili as a low-born mean insignific
utterli valueless---- here the diamond fairli choke for breath

but ha he not beauti exactli like your own sire? the beetl ventur
to interpos though with a veri timid air

beau--ty! flash the diamond with fine disdain--th impud fellow
mere ape and imit me howev it is some small consol to
rememb that imit is the sincerest flatteri but even
_allowing_ him to possess it mere beauti without _rank_ is ridicul
and worthless a boat without _water_--a carriag but no _horses_--a
well but never a _winch_: such is beauti without rank and wealth! there
is no _real worth_ apart from rank and wealth combin beauti rank
_and_ wealth and you have the whole world at your feet now you know
the secret of the world worship me

and the diamond sparkl and gleam with vivid violet flash so that
the beetl wa glad to shade hi eye

the poor dewdrop had listen silent to all that had pass and felt
so wound that at last he wish he never had been born slowli a
bright tear fell and splash the dust

just then a skylark flutter to the ground and eagerli dart hi beak
at the diamond

alas! he pipe with a great sob of disappoint what i thought to
be a preciou dewdrop is onli a worthless diamond my throat is parch
for want of water i must die of thirst!

really? the world will never get over your loss cruelli sneer the
diamond

but a sudden and nobl resolv came to the dewdrop deepli did he repent
hi foolish wish _he could now lay down hi life that the life of
anoth might be saved!_

may _i_ help you please? he gentli ask

the lark rais hi droop head

oh my preciou preciou friend if you will you can save my life!

open your mouth then

and the dewdrop slid from the blade of grass tumbl into the parch
beak and wa eagerli swallow

ah--wel well! ponder the beetl as he continu hi homeward way
ive been taught a lesson that i shall not easili forget ye yes!
simpl worth is far better than rank or wealth without modesti and
unselfishness--and there is no _true_ beauti where these virtu are
absent!

