[alic adventur in wonderland by lewi carrol 1865]

chapter i down the rabbit-hol

alic wa begin to get veri tire of sit by her sister on the
bank and of have noth to do: onc or twice she had peep into the
book her sister wa read but it had no pictur or convers in
it and what is the use of a book thought alic without pictur or
conversation?

so she wa consid in her own mind (a well as she could for the
hot day made her feel veri sleepi and stupid) whether the pleasur
of make a daisy-chain would be worth the troubl of get up and
pick the daisi when suddenli a white rabbit with pink eye ran
close by her

there wa noth so veri remark in that; nor did alic think it so
veri much out of the way to hear the rabbit say to itself oh dear!
oh dear! i shall be late! (when she thought it over afterward it
occur to her that she ought to have wonder at thi but at the time
it all seem quit natural); but when the rabbit actual took a watch
out of it waistcoat-pocket and look at it and then hurri on
alic start to her feet for it flash across her mind that she had
never befor seen a rabbit with either a waistcoat-pocket or a watch
to take out of it and burn with curios she ran across the field
after it and fortun wa just in time to see it pop down a larg
rabbit-hol under the hedg

in anoth moment down went alic after it never onc consid how
in the world she wa to get out again

the rabbit-hol went straight on like a tunnel for some way and then
dip suddenli down so suddenli that alic had not a moment to think
about stop herself befor she found herself fall down a veri deep
well

either the well wa veri deep or she fell veri slowli for she had
plenti of time as she went down to look about her and to wonder what wa
go to happen next first she tri to look down and make out what
she wa come to but it wa too dark to see anything; then she
look at the side of the well and notic that they were fill with
cupboard and book-shelves; here and there she saw map and pictur
hung upon peg she took down a jar from one of the shelv as
she passed; it wa label orang marmalad but to her great
disappoint it wa empty: she did not like to drop the jar for fear
of kill somebodi so manag to put it into one of the cupboard as
she fell past it

well! thought alic to herself after such a fall as thi i shall
think noth of tumbl down stairs! how brave theyll all think me at
home! whi i wouldnt say anyth about it even if i fell off the top
of the house! (which wa veri like true)

down down down would the fall never come to an end! i wonder how
mani mile ive fallen by thi time? she said aloud i must be get
somewher near the centr of the earth let me see: that would be four
thousand mile down i think-- (for you see alic had learnt sever
thing of thi sort in her lesson in the schoolroom and though thi
wa not a veri good opportun for show off her knowledg as there
wa no one to listen to her still it wa good practic to say it over)
--ye that about the right distance--but then i wonder what latitud
or longitud ive got to? (alic had no idea what latitud wa or
longitud either but thought they were nice grand word to say)

present she began again i wonder if i shall fall right through the
earth! how funni itll seem to come out among the peopl that walk with
their head downward! the antipathi i think-- (she wa rather glad
there wa no one listen thi time as it didnt sound at all the
right word) --but i shall have to ask them what the name of the countri
is you know pleas maam is thi new zealand or australia? (and
she tri to curtsey as she spoke--f curtsey as your fall
through the air! do you think you could manag it?) and what an
ignor littl girl shell think me for asking! no itll never do to
ask: perhap i shall see it written up somewher

down down down there wa noth els to do so alic soon began
talk again dinahl miss me veri much to-night i should think!
(dinah wa the cat) i hope theyll rememb her saucer of milk at
tea-tim dinah my dear! i wish you were down here with me! there are no
mice in the air im afraid but you might catch a bat and that veri
like a mous you know but do cat eat bat i wonder? and here alic
began to get rather sleepi and went on say to herself in a dreami
sort of way do cat eat bats? do cat eat bats? and sometim do
bat eat cats? for you see as she couldnt answer either question
it didnt much matter which way she put it she felt that she wa doze
off and had just begun to dream that she wa walk hand in hand with
dinah and say to her veri earnestli now dinah tell me the truth:
did you ever eat a bat? when suddenli thump! thump! down she came upon
a heap of stick and dri leav and the fall wa over

alic wa not a bit hurt and she jump up on to her feet in a moment:
she look up but it wa all dark overhead; befor her wa anoth
long passag and the white rabbit wa still in sight hurri down it
there wa not a moment to be lost: away went alic like the wind and
wa just in time to hear it say as it turn a corner oh my ear
and whisker how late it getting! she wa close behind it when she
turn the corner but the rabbit wa no longer to be seen: she found
herself in a long low hall which wa lit up by a row of lamp hang
from the roof

there were door all round the hall but they were all locked; and when
alic had been all the way down one side and up the other tri everi
door she walk sadli down the middl wonder how she wa ever to
get out again

suddenli she came upon a littl three-leg tabl all made of solid
glass; there wa noth on it except a tini golden key and alic
first thought wa that it might belong to one of the door of the hall;
but alas! either the lock were too larg or the key wa too small
but at ani rate it would not open ani of them howev on the second
time round she came upon a low curtain she had not notic befor and
behind it wa a littl door about fifteen inch high: she tri the
littl golden key in the lock and to her great delight it fitted!

alic open the door and found that it led into a small passag not
much larger than a rat-hole: she knelt down and look along the passag
into the loveliest garden you ever saw how she long to get out of
that dark hall and wander about among those bed of bright flower and
those cool fountain but she could not even get her head through the
doorway; and even if my head would go through thought poor alic it
would be of veri littl use without my shoulder oh how i wish i could
shut up like a telescope! i think i could if i onli know how to begin
for you see so mani out-of-the-way thing had happen late
that alic had begun to think that veri few thing inde were realli
imposs

there seem to be no use in wait by the littl door so she went
back to the tabl half hope she might find anoth key on it or at
ani rate a book of rule for shut peopl up like telescopes: thi
time she found a littl bottl on it (which certainli wa not here
befor said alice) and round the neck of the bottl wa a paper
label with the word drink me beauti print on it in larg
letter

it wa all veri well to say drink me but the wise littl alic wa
not go to do that in a hurri no ill look first she said and
see whether it mark poison or not; for she had read sever nice
littl histori about children who had got burnt and eaten up by wild
beast and other unpleas thing all becaus they would not rememb
the simpl rule their friend had taught them: such as that a red-hot
poker will burn you if you hold it too long; and that if you cut your
finger veri deepli with a knife it usual bleeds; and she had never
forgotten that if you drink much from a bottl mark poison it is
almost certain to disagre with you sooner or later

howev thi bottl wa not mark poison so alic ventur to tast
it and find it veri nice (it had in fact a sort of mix flavour
of cherry-tart custard pine-appl roast turkey toffe and hot
butter toast) she veri soon finish it off

* * * * * * *

* * * * * *

* * * * * * *

what a curiou feeling! said alice; i must be shut up like a
telescop

and so it wa indeed: she wa now onli ten inch high and her face
brighten up at the thought that she wa now the right size for go
through the littl door into that love garden first howev she
wait for a few minut to see if she wa go to shrink ani further:
she felt a littl nervou about this; for it might end you know said
alic to herself in my go out altogeth like a candl i wonder
what i should be like then? and she tri to fanci what the flame of a
candl is like after the candl is blown out for she could not rememb
ever have seen such a thing

after a while find that noth more happen she decid on go
into the garden at once; but ala for poor alice! when she got to the
door she found she had forgotten the littl golden key and when she
went back to the tabl for it she found she could not possibl reach
it: she could see it quit plainli through the glass and she tri her
best to climb up one of the leg of the tabl but it wa too slippery;
and when she had tire herself out with tri the poor littl thing
sat down and cri

come there no use in cri like that! said alic to herself
rather sharply; i advis you to leav off thi minute! she gener
gave herself veri good advic (though she veri seldom follow it)
and sometim she scold herself so sever as to bring tear into
her eyes; and onc she rememb tri to box her own ear for have
cheat herself in a game of croquet she wa play against herself
for thi curiou child wa veri fond of pretend to be two peopl
but it no use now thought poor alic to pretend to be two people!
whi there hardli enough of me left to make one respect person!

soon her eye fell on a littl glass box that wa lie under the table:
she open it and found in it a veri small cake on which the word
eat me were beauti mark in currant well ill eat it said
alic and if it make me grow larger i can reach the key; and if it
make me grow smaller i can creep under the door; so either way ill
get into the garden and i dont care which happens!

she ate a littl bit and said anxious to herself which way? which
way? hold her hand on the top of her head to feel which way it wa
grow and she wa quit surpris to find that she remain the same
size: to be sure thi gener happen when one eat cake but alic
had got so much into the way of expect noth but out-of-the-way
thing to happen that it seem quit dull and stupid for life to go on
in the common way

so she set to work and veri soon finish off the cake

* * * * * * *

* * * * * *

* * * * * * *




chapter ii the pool of tear

curious and curiouser! cri alic (she wa so much surpris that
for the moment she quit forgot how to speak good english); now im
open out like the largest telescop that ever was! good-by feet!
(for when she look down at her feet they seem to be almost out of
sight they were get so far off) oh my poor littl feet i wonder
who will put on your shoe and stock for you now dears? im sure
_i_ shant be able! i shall be a great deal too far off to troubl
myself about you: you must manag the best way you can;--but i must be
kind to them thought alic or perhap they wont walk the way i want
to go! let me see: ill give them a new pair of boot everi christma

and she went on plan to herself how she would manag it they must
go by the carrier she thought; and how funni itll seem send
present to one own feet! and how odd the direct will look!

alic right foot esq
hearthrug
near the fender
(with alic love)

oh dear what nonsens im talking!

just then her head struck against the roof of the hall: in fact she wa
now more than nine feet high and she at onc took up the littl golden
key and hurri off to the garden door

poor alice! it wa as much as she could do lie down on one side to
look through into the garden with one eye; but to get through wa more
hopeless than ever: she sat down and began to cri again

you ought to be asham of yourself said alic a great girl like
you (she might well say this) to go on cri in thi way! stop thi
moment i tell you! but she went on all the same shed gallon of
tear until there wa a larg pool all round her about four inch
deep and reach half down the hall

after a time she heard a littl patter of feet in the distanc and
she hastili dri her eye to see what wa come it wa the white
rabbit return splendidli dress with a pair of white kid glove in
one hand and a larg fan in the other: he came trot along in a great
hurri mutter to himself as he came oh! the duchess the duchess!
oh! wont she be savag if ive kept her waiting! alic felt so
desper that she wa readi to ask help of ani one; so when the rabbit
came near her she began in a low timid voic if you pleas sir--
the rabbit start violent drop the white kid glove and the fan
and skurri away into the dark as hard as he could go

alic took up the fan and glove and as the hall wa veri hot she
kept fan herself all the time she went on talking: dear dear! how
queer everyth is to-day! and yesterday thing went on just as usual
i wonder if ive been chang in the night? let me think: wa i the
same when i got up thi morning? i almost think i can rememb feel a
littl differ but if im not the same the next question is who
in the world am i? ah that the great puzzle! and she began think
over all the children she knew that were of the same age as herself to
see if she could have been chang for ani of them

im sure im not ada she said for her hair goe in such long
ringlet and mine doesnt go in ringlet at all; and im sure i cant
be mabel for i know all sort of thing and she oh! she know such a
veri little! besid she she and im i and--oh dear how puzzl
it all is! ill tri if i know all the thing i use to know let me
see: four time five is twelv and four time six is thirteen and
four time seven is--oh dear! i shall never get to twenti at that rate!
howev the multipl tabl doesnt signify: let tri geographi
london is the capit of pari and pari is the capit of rome and
rome--no that all wrong im certain! i must have been chang for
mabel! ill tri and say how doth the little-- and she cross her
hand on her lap as if she were say lesson and began to repeat it
but her voic sound hoars and strang and the word did not come the
same as they use to do:--

how doth the littl crocodil
improv hi shine tail
and pour the water of the nile
on everi golden scale!

how cheer he seem to grin
how neatli spread hi claw
and welcom littl fish in
with gentli smile jaws!

im sure those are not the right word said poor alic and her eye
fill with tear again as she went on i must be mabel after all and
i shall have to go and live in that poki littl hous and have next to
no toy to play with and oh! ever so mani lesson to learn! no ive
made up my mind about it; if im mabel ill stay down here! itll be no
use their put their head down and say come up again dear! i
shall onli look up and say who am i then? tell me that first and then
if i like be that person ill come up: if not ill stay down here
till im somebodi else--but oh dear! cri alic with a sudden burst
of tear i do wish they would put their head down! i am so veri tire
of be all alon here!

as she said thi she look down at her hand and wa surpris to see
that she had put on one of the rabbit littl white kid glove while
she wa talk how can i have done that? she thought i must
be grow small again she got up and went to the tabl to measur
herself by it and found that as nearli as she could guess she wa now
about two feet high and wa go on shrink rapidly: she soon found
out that the caus of thi wa the fan she wa hold and she drop
it hastili just in time to avoid shrink away altogeth

that wa a narrow escape! said alic a good deal frighten at the
sudden chang but veri glad to find herself still in existence; and
now for the garden! and she ran with all speed back to the littl door:
but alas! the littl door wa shut again and the littl golden key wa
lie on the glass tabl as befor and thing are wors than ever
thought the poor child for i never wa so small as thi befor never!
and i declar it too bad that it is!

as she said these word her foot slip and in anoth moment splash!
she wa up to her chin in salt water her first idea wa that she
had somehow fallen into the sea and in that case i can go back by
railway she said to herself (alic had been to the seasid onc in
her life and had come to the gener conclus that wherev you go
to on the english coast you find a number of bath machin in the
sea some children dig in the sand with wooden spade then a row
of lodg hous and behind them a railway station) howev she soon
made out that she wa in the pool of tear which she had wept when she
wa nine feet high

i wish i hadnt cri so much! said alic as she swam about tri
to find her way out i shall be punish for it now i suppos by
be drown in my own tears! that will be a queer thing to be sure!
howev everyth is queer to-day

just then she heard someth splash about in the pool a littl way
off and she swam nearer to make out what it was: at first she thought
it must be a walru or hippopotamu but then she rememb how small
she wa now and she soon made out that it wa onli a mous that had
slip in like herself

would it be of ani use now thought alic to speak to thi mouse?
everyth is so out-of-the-way down here that i should think veri
like it can talk: at ani rate there no harm in tri so she
began: o mous do you know the way out of thi pool? i am veri tire
of swim about here o mouse! (alic thought thi must be the right
way of speak to a mouse: she had never done such a thing befor but
she rememb have seen in her brother latin grammar a mouse--of
a mouse--to a mouse--a mouse--o mouse!) the mous look at her rather
inquisit and seem to her to wink with one of it littl eye
but it said noth

perhap it doesnt understand english thought alice; i daresay it
a french mous come over with william the conqueror (for with all
her knowledg of histori alic had no veri clear notion how long ago
anyth had happened) so she began again: ou est ma chatte? which
wa the first sentenc in her french lesson-book the mous gave a
sudden leap out of the water and seem to quiver all over with fright
oh i beg your pardon! cri alic hastili afraid that she had hurt
the poor anim feel i quit forgot you didnt like cat

not like cats! cri the mous in a shrill passion voic would
you like cat if you were me?

well perhap not said alic in a sooth tone: dont be angri
about it and yet i wish i could show you our cat dinah: i think youd
take a fanci to cat if you could onli see her she is such a dear quiet
thing alic went on half to herself as she swam lazili about in the
pool and she sit pur so nice by the fire lick her paw and
wash her face--and she is such a nice soft thing to nurse--and she
such a capit one for catch mice--oh i beg your pardon! cri
alic again for thi time the mous wa bristl all over and she
felt certain it must be realli offend we wont talk about her ani
more if youd rather not

we indeed! cri the mous who wa trembl down to the end of hi
tail as if i would talk on such a subject! our famili alway hate
cats: nasti low vulgar things! dont let me hear the name again!

i wont indeed! said alic in a great hurri to chang the subject of
convers are you--ar you fond--of--of dogs? the mous did not
answer so alic went on eagerly: there is such a nice littl dog near
our hous i should like to show you! a littl bright-ey terrier you
know with oh such long curli brown hair! and itll fetch thing when
you throw them and itll sit up and beg for it dinner and all sort
of things--i cant rememb half of them--and it belong to a farmer
you know and he say it so use it worth a hundr pounds! he
say it kill all the rat and--oh dear! cri alic in a sorrow
tone im afraid ive offend it again! for the mous wa swim
away from her as hard as it could go and make quit a commot in
the pool as it went

so she call softli after it mous dear! do come back again and we
wont talk about cat or dog either if you dont like them! when the
mous heard thi it turn round and swam slowli back to her: it
face wa quit pale (with passion alic thought) and it said in a low
trembl voic let us get to the shore and then ill tell you my
histori and youll understand whi it is i hate cat and dog

it wa high time to go for the pool wa get quit crowd with the
bird and anim that had fallen into it: there were a duck and a dodo
a lori and an eaglet and sever other curiou creatur alic led the
way and the whole parti swam to the shore




chapter iii a caucus-rac and a long tale

they were inde a queer-look parti that assembl on the bank--th
bird with draggl feather the anim with their fur cling close
to them and all drip wet cross and uncomfort

the first question of cours wa how to get dri again: they had a
consult about thi and after a few minut it seem quit natur
to alic to find herself talk familiarli with them as if she had
known them all her life inde she had quit a long argument with the
lori who at last turn sulki and would onli say i am older than
you and must know better; and thi alic would not allow without
know how old it wa and as the lori posit refus to tell it
age there wa no more to be said

at last the mous who seem to be a person of author among them
call out sit down all of you and listen to me! ill soon make you
dri enough! they all sat down at onc in a larg ring with the mous
in the middl alic kept her eye anxious fix on it for she felt
sure she would catch a bad cold if she did not get dri veri soon

ahem! said the mous with an import air are you all ready? thi
is the driest thing i know silenc all round if you please! william
the conqueror whose caus wa favour by the pope wa soon submit
to by the english who want leader and had been of late much
accustom to usurp and conquest edwin and morcar the earl of
mercia and northumbria--

ugh! said the lori with a shiver

i beg your pardon! said the mous frown but veri politely: did
you speak?

not i! said the lori hastili

i thought you did said the mous --i proceed edwin and morcar
the earl of mercia and northumbria declar for him: and even stigand
the patriot archbishop of canterburi found it advisable--

found what? said the duck

found it the mous repli rather crossly: of cours you know what
it mean

i know what it mean well enough when i find a thing said the
duck: it gener a frog or a worm the question is what did the
archbishop find?

the mous did not notic thi question but hurriedli went on --found
it advis to go with edgar athel to meet william and offer him the
crown william conduct at first wa moder but the insol of hi
normans-- how are you get on now my dear? it continu turn
to alic as it spoke

as wet as ever said alic in a melancholi tone: it doesnt seem to
dri me at all

in that case said the dodo solemnli rise to it feet i move
that the meet adjourn for the immedi adopt of more energet
remedies--

speak english! said the eaglet i dont know the mean of half
those long word and what more i dont believ you do either! and
the eaglet bent down it head to hide a smile: some of the other bird
titter audibl

what i wa go to say said the dodo in an offend tone wa that
the best thing to get us dri would be a caucus-rac

what is a caucus-race? said alice; not that she want much to know
but the dodo had paus as if it thought that somebodi ought to speak
and no one els seem inclin to say anyth

whi said the dodo the best way to explain it is to do it (and as
you might like to tri the thing yourself some winter day i will tell
you how the dodo manag it)

first it mark out a race-cours in a sort of circl (the exact
shape doesnt matter it said) and then all the parti were place
along the cours here and there there wa no one two three and
away but they began run when they like and left off when they
like so that it wa not easi to know when the race wa over howev
when they had been run half an hour or so and were quit dri again
the dodo suddenli call out the race is over! and they all crowd
round it pant and ask but who ha won?

thi question the dodo could not answer without a great deal of thought
and it sat for a long time with one finger press upon it forehead
(the posit in which you usual see shakespear in the pictur
of him) while the rest wait in silenc at last the dodo said
everybodi ha won and all must have prize

but who is to give the prizes? quit a choru of voic ask

whi she of cours said the dodo point to alic with one finger;
and the whole parti at onc crowd round her call out in a confus
way prizes! prizes!

alic had no idea what to do and in despair she put her hand in her
pocket and pull out a box of comfit (luckili the salt water had
not got into it) and hand them round as prize there wa exactli one
a-piec all round

but she must have a prize herself you know said the mous

of cours the dodo repli veri grave what els have you got in
your pocket? he went on turn to alic

onli a thimbl said alic sadli

hand it over here said the dodo

then they all crowd round her onc more while the dodo solemnli
present the thimbl say we beg your accept of thi eleg
thimble; and when it had finish thi short speech they all cheer

alic thought the whole thing veri absurd but they all look so grave
that she did not dare to laugh; and as she could not think of anyth
to say she simpli bow and took the thimbl look as solemn as she
could

the next thing wa to eat the comfits: thi caus some nois and
confus as the larg bird complain that they could not tast
their and the small one choke and had to be pat on the back
howev it wa over at last and they sat down again in a ring and
beg the mous to tell them someth more

you promis to tell me your histori you know said alic and whi
it is you hate--c and d she ad in a whisper half afraid that it
would be offend again

mine is a long and a sad tale! said the mous turn to alic and
sigh

it is a long tail certainli said alic look down with wonder at
the mous tail; but whi do you call it sad? and she kept on puzzl
about it while the mous wa speak so that her idea of the tale wa
someth like this:--

furi said to a
mous that he
met in the
hous
let us
both go to
law: i will
prosecut
you--com
ill take no
denial; we
must have a
trial: for
realli thi
morn ive
noth
to do
said the
mous to the
cur such
a trial
dear sir
with
no juri
or judg
would be
wast
our
breath
ill be
judg ill
be juri
said
cun
old fury:
ill
tri the
whole
caus
and
condemn
you
to
death


you are not attending! said the mous to alic sever what are you
think of?

i beg your pardon said alic veri humbly: you had got to the fifth
bend i think?

i had not! cri the mous sharpli and veri angrili

a knot! said alic alway readi to make herself use and look
anxious about her oh do let me help to undo it!

i shall do noth of the sort said the mous get up and walk
away you insult me by talk such nonsense!

i didnt mean it! plead poor alic but your so easili offend
you know!

the mous onli growl in repli

pleas come back and finish your story! alic call after it; and the
other all join in choru ye pleas do! but the mous onli shook
it head impati and walk a littl quicker

what a piti it wouldnt stay! sigh the lori as soon as it wa quit
out of sight; and an old crab took the opportun of say to her
daughter ah my dear! let thi be a lesson to you never to lose
your temper! hold your tongu ma! said the young crab a littl
snappishli your enough to tri the patienc of an oyster!

i wish i had our dinah here i know i do! said alic aloud address
nobodi in particular shed soon fetch it back!

and who is dinah if i might ventur to ask the question? said the
lori

alic repli eagerli for she wa alway readi to talk about her pet:
dinah our cat and she such a capit one for catch mice you
cant think! and oh i wish you could see her after the birds! whi
shell eat a littl bird as soon as look at it!

thi speech caus a remark sensat among the parti some of the
bird hurri off at once: one old magpi began wrap itself up veri
care remark i realli must be get home; the night-air
doesnt suit my throat! and a canari call out in a trembl voic to
it children come away my dears! it high time you were all in bed!
on variou pretext they all move off and alic wa soon left alon

i wish i hadnt mention dinah! she said to herself in a melancholi
tone nobodi seem to like her down here and im sure she the best
cat in the world! oh my dear dinah! i wonder if i shall ever see you
ani more! and here poor alic began to cri again for she felt veri
lone and low-spirit in a littl while howev she again heard
a littl patter of footstep in the distanc and she look up
eagerli half hope that the mous had chang hi mind and wa come
back to finish hi stori




chapter iv the rabbit send in a littl bill

it wa the white rabbit trot slowli back again and look
anxious about as it went as if it had lost something; and she heard
it mutter to itself the duchess! the duchess! oh my dear paws! oh
my fur and whiskers! shell get me execut as sure as ferret are
ferrets! where can i have drop them i wonder? alic guess in a
moment that it wa look for the fan and the pair of white kid glove
and she veri good-naturedli began hunt about for them but they were
nowher to be seen--everyth seem to have chang sinc her swim in
the pool and the great hall with the glass tabl and the littl door
had vanish complet

veri soon the rabbit notic alic as she went hunt about and
call out to her in an angri tone whi mari ann what are you do
out here? run home thi moment and fetch me a pair of glove and a fan!
quick now! and alic wa so much frighten that she ran off at onc
in the direct it point to without tri to explain the mistak it
had made

he took me for hi housemaid she said to herself as she ran how
surpris hell be when he find out who i am! but id better take him
hi fan and gloves--that is if i can find them as she said thi she
came upon a neat littl hous on the door of which wa a bright brass
plate with the name w rabbit engrav upon it she went in without
knock and hurri upstair in great fear lest she should meet the
real mari ann and be turn out of the hous befor she had found the
fan and glove

how queer it seem alic said to herself to be go messag for
a rabbit! i suppos dinahl be send me on messag next! and she
began fanci the sort of thing that would happen: miss alice! come
here directli and get readi for your walk! come in a minut
nurse! but ive got to see that the mous doesnt get out onli i dont
think alic went on that theyd let dinah stop in the hous if it
began order peopl about like that!

by thi time she had found her way into a tidi littl room with a tabl
in the window and on it (a she had hoped) a fan and two or three pair
of tini white kid gloves: she took up the fan and a pair of the glove
and wa just go to leav the room when her eye fell upon a littl
bottl that stood near the looking-glass there wa no label thi time
with the word drink me but nevertheless she uncork it and put it
to her lip i know someth interest is sure to happen she said
to herself whenev i eat or drink anything; so ill just see what
thi bottl doe i do hope itll make me grow larg again for realli
im quit tire of be such a tini littl thing!

it did so inde and much sooner than she had expected: befor she had
drunk half the bottl she found her head press against the ceil
and had to stoop to save her neck from be broken she hastili put
down the bottl say to herself that quit enough--i hope i shant
grow ani more--a it is i cant get out at the door--i do wish i hadnt
drunk quit so much!

alas! it wa too late to wish that! she went on grow and grow
and veri soon had to kneel down on the floor: in anoth minut there
wa not even room for thi and she tri the effect of lie down with
one elbow against the door and the other arm curl round her head
still she went on grow and as a last resourc she put one arm out
of the window and one foot up the chimney and said to herself now i
can do no more whatev happen what will becom of me?

luckili for alic the littl magic bottl had now had it full effect
and she grew no larger: still it wa veri uncomfort and as there
seem to be no sort of chanc of her ever get out of the room
again no wonder she felt unhappi

it wa much pleasant at home thought poor alic when one wasnt
alway grow larger and smaller and be order about by mice and
rabbit i almost wish i hadnt gone down that rabbit-hole--and yet--and
yet--it rather curiou you know thi sort of life! i do wonder what
can have happen to me! when i use to read fairy-tal i fanci that
kind of thing never happen and now here i am in the middl of one!
there ought to be a book written about me that there ought! and when i
grow up ill write one--but im grown up now she ad in a sorrow
tone; at least there no room to grow up ani more here

but then thought alic shall i never get ani older than i am
now? thatll be a comfort one way--nev to be an old woman--but
then--alway to have lesson to learn! oh i shouldnt like that!

oh you foolish alice! she answer herself how can you learn
lesson in here? whi there hardli room for you and no room at all
for ani lesson-books!

and so she went on take first one side and then the other and make
quit a convers of it altogether; but after a few minut she heard
a voic outsid and stop to listen

mari ann! mari ann! said the voic fetch me my glove thi moment!
then came a littl patter of feet on the stair alic knew it wa
the rabbit come to look for her and she trembl till she shook the
hous quit forget that she wa now about a thousand time as larg
as the rabbit and had no reason to be afraid of it

present the rabbit came up to the door and tri to open it; but as
the door open inward and alic elbow wa press hard against it
that attempt prove a failur alic heard it say to itself then ill
go round and get in at the window

that you wont thought alic and after wait till she fanci
she heard the rabbit just under the window she suddenli spread out her
hand and made a snatch in the air she did not get hold of anyth
but she heard a littl shriek and a fall and a crash of broken glass
from which she conclud that it wa just possibl it had fallen into a
cucumber-fram or someth of the sort

next came an angri voice--th rabbits--pat! pat! where are you? and
then a voic she had never heard befor sure then im here! dig
for appl yer honour!

dig for appl indeed! said the rabbit angrili here! come and
help me out of this! (sound of more broken glass)

now tell me pat what that in the window?

sure it an arm yer honour! (he pronounc it arrum)

an arm you goose! who ever saw one that size? whi it fill the whole
window!

sure it doe yer honour: but it an arm for all that

well it got no busi there at ani rate: go and take it away!

there wa a long silenc after thi and alic could onli hear whisper
now and then; such as sure i dont like it yer honour at all at
all! do as i tell you you coward! and at last she spread out her
hand again and made anoth snatch in the air thi time there were
two littl shriek and more sound of broken glass what a number of
cucumber-fram there must be! thought alic i wonder what theyll do
next! as for pull me out of the window i onli wish they could! im
sure i dont want to stay in here ani longer!

she wait for some time without hear anyth more: at last came a
rumbl of littl cartwheel and the sound of a good mani voic
all talk together: she made out the words: where the other
ladder?--whi i hadnt to bring but one; bill got the other--bill!
fetch it here lad!--her put em up at thi corner--no tie em
togeth first--they dont reach half high enough yet--oh! theyll
do well enough; dont be particular--her bill! catch hold of thi
rope--wil the roof bear?--mind that loos slate--oh it come
down! head below! (a loud crash)--now who did that?--it wa bill i
fancy--who to go down the chimney?--nay i shant! you do it!--that i
wont then!--bil to go down--her bill! the master say your to
go down the chimney!

oh! so bill got to come down the chimney ha he? said alic to
herself shi they seem to put everyth upon bill! i wouldnt be in
bill place for a good deal: thi fireplac is narrow to be sure; but
i think i can kick a little!

she drew her foot as far down the chimney as she could and wait
till she heard a littl anim (she couldnt guess of what sort it was)
scratch and scrambl about in the chimney close abov her: then
say to herself thi is bill she gave one sharp kick and wait to
see what would happen next

the first thing she heard wa a gener choru of there goe bill!
then the rabbit voic along--catch him you by the hedge! then
silenc and then anoth confus of voices--hold up hi head--brandi
now--dont choke him--how wa it old fellow? what happen to you? tell
us all about it!

last came a littl feebl squeak voic (that bill thought
alice) well i hardli know--no more thank ye; im better now--but im
a deal too fluster to tell you--al i know is someth come at me
like a jack-in-the-box and up i goe like a sky-rocket!

so you did old fellow! said the other

we must burn the hous down! said the rabbit voice; and alic call
out as loud as she could if you do ill set dinah at you!

there wa a dead silenc instantli and alic thought to herself i
wonder what they will do next! if they had ani sens theyd take the
roof off after a minut or two they began move about again and
alic heard the rabbit say a barrow will do to begin with

a barrow of what? thought alice; but she had not long to doubt
for the next moment a shower of littl pebbl came rattl in at the
window and some of them hit her in the face ill put a stop to thi
she said to herself and shout out youd better not do that again!
which produc anoth dead silenc

alic notic with some surpris that the pebbl were all turn into
littl cake as they lay on the floor and a bright idea came into her
head if i eat one of these cake she thought it sure to make
some chang in my size; and as it cant possibl make me larger it must
make me smaller i suppos

so she swallow one of the cake and wa delight to find that she
began shrink directli as soon as she wa small enough to get through
the door she ran out of the hous and found quit a crowd of littl
anim and bird wait outsid the poor littl lizard bill wa
in the middl be held up by two guinea-pig who were give it
someth out of a bottl they all made a rush at alic the moment she
appeared; but she ran off as hard as she could and soon found herself
safe in a thick wood

the first thing ive got to do said alic to herself as she wander
about in the wood is to grow to my right size again; and the second
thing is to find my way into that love garden i think that will be
the best plan

it sound an excel plan no doubt and veri neatli and simpli
arranged; the onli difficulti wa that she had not the smallest idea
how to set about it; and while she wa peer about anxious among
the tree a littl sharp bark just over her head made her look up in a
great hurri

an enorm puppi wa look down at her with larg round eye and
feebli stretch out one paw tri to touch her poor littl thing!
said alic in a coax tone and she tri hard to whistl to it; but
she wa terribl frighten all the time at the thought that it might be
hungri in which case it would be veri like to eat her up in spite of
all her coax

hardli know what she did she pick up a littl bit of stick and
held it out to the puppy; whereupon the puppi jump into the air off
all it feet at onc with a yelp of delight and rush at the stick
and made believ to worri it; then alic dodg behind a great thistl
to keep herself from be run over; and the moment she appear on the
other side the puppi made anoth rush at the stick and tumbl head
over heel in it hurri to get hold of it; then alic think it wa
veri like have a game of play with a cart-hors and expect everi
moment to be trampl under it feet ran round the thistl again; then
the puppi began a seri of short charg at the stick run a veri
littl way forward each time and a long way back and bark hoars
all the while till at last it sat down a good way off pant with
it tongu hang out of it mouth and it great eye half shut

thi seem to alic a good opportun for make her escape; so she
set off at onc and ran till she wa quit tire and out of breath and
till the puppi bark sound quit faint in the distanc

and yet what a dear littl puppi it was! said alic as she leant
against a buttercup to rest herself and fan herself with one of the
leaves: i should have like teach it trick veri much if--if id
onli been the right size to do it! oh dear! id nearli forgotten that
ive got to grow up again! let me see--how is it to be managed? i
suppos i ought to eat or drink someth or other; but the great
question is what?

the great question certainli wa what? alic look all round her at
the flower and the blade of grass but she did not see anyth that
look like the right thing to eat or drink under the circumst
there wa a larg mushroom grow near her about the same height as
herself; and when she had look under it and on both side of it and
behind it it occur to her that she might as well look and see what
wa on the top of it

she stretch herself up on tipto and peep over the edg of the
mushroom and her eye immedi met those of a larg caterpillar
that wa sit on the top with it arm fold quietli smoke a long
hookah and take not the smallest notic of her or of anyth els




chapter v advic from a caterpillar

the caterpillar and alic look at each other for some time in silence:
at last the caterpillar took the hookah out of it mouth and address
her in a languid sleepi voic

who are you? said the caterpillar

thi wa not an encourag open for a convers alic repli
rather shyli i--i hardli know sir just at present--at least i know
who i wa when i got up thi morn but i think i must have been
chang sever time sinc then

what do you mean by that? said the caterpillar sternli explain
yourself!

i cant explain myself im afraid sir said alic becaus im not
myself you see

i dont see said the caterpillar

im afraid i cant put it more clearli alic repli veri polit
for i cant understand it myself to begin with; and be so mani
differ size in a day is veri confus

it isnt said the caterpillar

well perhap you havent found it so yet said alice; but when you
have to turn into a chrysalis--y will some day you know--and then
after that into a butterfli i should think youll feel it a littl
queer wont you?

not a bit said the caterpillar

well perhap your feel may be differ said alice; all i know
is it would feel veri queer to me

you! said the caterpillar contemptu who are you?

which brought them back again to the begin of the convers
alic felt a littl irrit at the caterpillar make such veri
short remark and she drew herself up and said veri grave i think
you ought to tell me who you are first

why? said the caterpillar

here wa anoth puzzl question; and as alic could not think of ani
good reason and as the caterpillar seem to be in a veri unpleas
state of mind she turn away

come back! the caterpillar call after her ive someth import
to say!

thi sound promis certainly: alic turn and came back again

keep your temper said the caterpillar

is that all? said alic swallow down her anger as well as she
could

no said the caterpillar

alic thought she might as well wait as she had noth els to do and
perhap after all it might tell her someth worth hear for some
minut it puf away without speak but at last it unfold it
arm took the hookah out of it mouth again and said so you think
your chang do you?

im afraid i am sir said alice; i cant rememb thing as i
used--and i dont keep the same size for ten minut together!

cant rememb what things? said the caterpillar

well ive tri to say how doth the littl busi bee but it all came
different! alic repli in a veri melancholi voic

repeat you are old father william said the caterpillar

alic fold her hand and began:--

you are old father william the young man said
and your hair ha becom veri white;
and yet you incessantli stand on your head--
do you think at your age it is right?

in my youth father william repli to hi son
i fear it might injur the brain;
but now that im perfectli sure i have none
whi i do it again and again

you are old said the youth as i mention befor
and have grown most uncommonli fat;
yet you turn a back-somersault in at the door--
pray what is the reason of that?

in my youth said the sage as he shook hi grey lock
i kept all my limb veri suppl
by the use of thi ointment--on shill the box--
allow me to sell you a couple?

you are old said the youth and your jaw are too weak
for anyth tougher than suet;
yet you finish the goos with the bone and the beak--
pray how did you manag to do it?

in my youth said hi father i took to the law
and argu each case with my wife;
and the muscular strength which it gave to my jaw
ha last the rest of my life

you are old said the youth one would hardli suppos
that your eye wa as steadi as ever;
yet you balanc an eel on the end of your nose--
what made you so aw clever?

i have answer three question and that is enough
said hi father; dont give yourself airs!
do you think i can listen all day to such stuff?
be off or ill kick you down stairs!


that is not said right said the caterpillar

not quit right im afraid said alic timidly; some of the word
have got alter

it is wrong from begin to end said the caterpillar decidedli and
there wa silenc for some minut

the caterpillar wa the first to speak

what size do you want to be? it ask

oh im not particular as to size alic hastili replied; onli one
doesnt like chang so often you know

i dont know said the caterpillar

alic said nothing: she had never been so much contradict in her life
befor and she felt that she wa lose her temper

are you content now? said the caterpillar

well i should like to be a littl larger sir if you wouldnt mind
said alice: three inch is such a wretch height to be

it is a veri good height indeed! said the caterpillar angrili rear
itself upright as it spoke (it wa exactli three inch high)

but im not use to it! plead poor alic in a piteou tone and
she thought of herself i wish the creatur wouldnt be so easili
offended!

youll get use to it in time said the caterpillar; and it put the
hookah into it mouth and began smoke again

thi time alic wait patient until it chose to speak again in
a minut or two the caterpillar took the hookah out of it mouth
and yawn onc or twice and shook itself then it got down off the
mushroom and crawl away in the grass mere remark as it went
one side will make you grow taller and the other side will make you
grow shorter

one side of what? the other side of what? thought alic to herself

of the mushroom said the caterpillar just as if she had ask it
aloud; and in anoth moment it wa out of sight

alic remain look thought at the mushroom for a minut tri
to make out which were the two side of it; and as it wa perfectli
round she found thi a veri difficult question howev at last she
stretch her arm round it as far as they would go and broke off a bit
of the edg with each hand

and now which is which? she said to herself and nibbl a littl of
the right-hand bit to tri the effect: the next moment she felt a violent
blow underneath her chin: it had struck her foot!

she wa a good deal frighten by thi veri sudden chang but she felt
that there wa no time to be lost as she wa shrink rapidly; so she
set to work at onc to eat some of the other bit her chin wa press
so close against her foot that there wa hardli room to open her
mouth; but she did it at last and manag to swallow a morsel of the
lefthand bit


* * * * * * *

* * * * * *

* * * * * * *

come my head free at last! said alic in a tone of delight which
chang into alarm in anoth moment when she found that her shoulder
were nowher to be found: all she could see when she look down wa
an immens length of neck which seem to rise like a stalk out of a
sea of green leav that lay far below her

what can all that green stuff be? said alic and where have my
shoulder got to? and oh my poor hand how is it i cant see you?
she wa move them about as she spoke but no result seem to follow
except a littl shake among the distant green leav

as there seem to be no chanc of get her hand up to her head she
tri to get her head down to them and wa delight to find that her
neck would bend about easili in ani direct like a serpent she had
just succeed in curv it down into a grace zigzag and wa go
to dive in among the leav which she found to be noth but the top
of the tree under which she had been wander when a sharp hiss made
her draw back in a hurry: a larg pigeon had flown into her face and
wa beat her violent with it wing

serpent! scream the pigeon

im not a serpent! said alic indignantli let me alone!

serpent i say again! repeat the pigeon but in a more subdu tone
and ad with a kind of sob ive tri everi way and noth seem
to suit them!

i havent the least idea what your talk about said alic

ive tri the root of tree and ive tri bank and ive tri
hedg the pigeon went on without attend to her; but those
serpents! there no pleas them!

alic wa more and more puzzl but she thought there wa no use in
say anyth more till the pigeon had finish

as if it wasnt troubl enough hatch the egg said the pigeon;
but i must be on the look-out for serpent night and day! whi i
havent had a wink of sleep these three weeks!

im veri sorri youv been annoy said alic who wa begin to
see it mean

and just as id taken the highest tree in the wood continu the
pigeon rais it voic to a shriek and just as i wa think i
should be free of them at last they must need come wriggl down from
the sky! ugh serpent!

but im not a serpent i tell you! said alic im a--im a--

well! what are you? said the pigeon i can see your tri to
invent something!

i--im a littl girl said alic rather doubt as she rememb
the number of chang she had gone through that day

a like stori indeed! said the pigeon in a tone of the deepest
contempt ive seen a good mani littl girl in my time but never one
with such a neck as that! no no! your a serpent; and there no use
deni it i suppos youll be tell me next that you never tast an
egg!

i have tast egg certainli said alic who wa a veri truth
child; but littl girl eat egg quit as much as serpent do you
know

i dont believ it said the pigeon; but if they do whi then theyr
a kind of serpent that all i can say

thi wa such a new idea to alic that she wa quit silent for a
minut or two which gave the pigeon the opportun of ad your
look for egg i know that well enough; and what doe it matter to me
whether your a littl girl or a serpent?

it matter a good deal to me said alic hastily; but im not look
for egg as it happens; and if i wa i shouldnt want yours: i dont
like them raw

well be off then! said the pigeon in a sulki tone as it settl
down again into it nest alic crouch down among the tree as well as
she could for her neck kept get entangl among the branch and
everi now and then she had to stop and untwist it after a while she
rememb that she still held the piec of mushroom in her hand and
she set to work veri care nibbl first at one and then at the
other and grow sometim taller and sometim shorter until she had
succeed in bring herself down to her usual height

it wa so long sinc she had been anyth near the right size that it
felt quit strang at first; but she got use to it in a few minut
and began talk to herself as usual come there half my plan done
now! how puzzl all these chang are! im never sure what im go
to be from one minut to another! howev ive got back to my right
size: the next thing is to get into that beauti garden--how is that
to be done i wonder? as she said thi she came suddenli upon an open
place with a littl hous in it about four feet high whoever live
there thought alic itll never do to come upon them thi size: whi
i should frighten them out of their wits! so she began nibbl at the
righthand bit again and did not ventur to go near the hous till she
had brought herself down to nine inch high




chapter vi pig and pepper

for a minut or two she stood look at the hous and wonder what
to do next when suddenli a footman in liveri came run out of the
wood--(sh consid him to be a footman becaus he wa in livery:
otherwis judg by hi face onli she would have call him a
fish)--and rap loudli at the door with hi knuckl it wa open
by anoth footman in liveri with a round face and larg eye like a
frog; and both footmen alic notic had powder hair that curl all
over their head she felt veri curiou to know what it wa all about
and crept a littl way out of the wood to listen

the fish-footman began by produc from under hi arm a great letter
nearli as larg as himself and thi he hand over to the other
say in a solemn tone for the duchess an invit from the queen
to play croquet the frog-footman repeat in the same solemn tone
onli chang the order of the word a littl from the queen an
invit for the duchess to play croquet

then they both bow low and their curl got entangl togeth

alic laugh so much at thi that she had to run back into the
wood for fear of their hear her; and when she next peep out the
fish-footman wa gone and the other wa sit on the ground near the
door stare stupidli up into the sky

alic went timidli up to the door and knock

there no sort of use in knock said the footman and that for
two reason first becaus im on the same side of the door as you
are; secondli becaus theyr make such a nois insid no one could
possibl hear you and certainli there wa a most extraordinari nois
go on within--a constant howl and sneez and everi now and then
a great crash as if a dish or kettl had been broken to piec

pleas then said alic how am i to get in?

there might be some sens in your knock the footman went on
without attend to her if we had the door between us for instanc
if you were insid you might knock and i could let you out you know
he wa look up into the sky all the time he wa speak and thi
alic thought decidedli uncivil but perhap he cant help it she
said to herself; hi eye are so veri nearli at the top of hi head
but at ani rate he might answer questions--how am i to get in? she
repeat aloud

i shall sit here the footman remark till tomorrow--

at thi moment the door of the hous open and a larg plate came
skim out straight at the footman head: it just graze hi nose
and broke to piec against one of the tree behind him

--or next day mayb the footman continu in the same tone exactli
as if noth had happen

how am i to get in? ask alic again in a louder tone

are you to get in at all? said the footman that the first
question you know

it wa no doubt: onli alic did not like to be told so it realli
dread she mutter to herself the way all the creatur argu
it enough to drive one crazy!

the footman seem to think thi a good opportun for repeat hi
remark with variat i shall sit here he said on and off for
day and day

but what am i to do? said alic

anyth you like said the footman and began whistl

oh there no use in talk to him said alic desperately: he
perfectli idiotic! and she open the door and went in

the door led right into a larg kitchen which wa full of smoke from
one end to the other: the duchess wa sit on a three-leg stool in
the middl nurs a baby; the cook wa lean over the fire stir
a larg cauldron which seem to be full of soup

there certainli too much pepper in that soup! alic said to herself
as well as she could for sneez

there wa certainli too much of it in the air even the duchess
sneez occasionally; and as for the babi it wa sneez and howl
altern without a moment paus the onli thing in the kitchen
that did not sneez were the cook and a larg cat which wa sit on
the hearth and grin from ear to ear

pleas would you tell me said alic a littl timidli for she wa
not quit sure whether it wa good manner for her to speak first whi
your cat grin like that?

it a cheshir cat said the duchess and that whi pig!

she said the last word with such sudden violenc that alic quit
jumped; but she saw in anoth moment that it wa address to the babi
and not to her so she took courag and went on again:--

i didnt know that cheshir cat alway grinned; in fact i didnt know
that cat could grin

they all can said the duchess; and most of em do

i dont know of ani that do alic said veri polit feel quit
pleas to have got into a convers

you dont know much said the duchess; and that a fact

alic did not at all like the tone of thi remark and thought it would
be as well to introduc some other subject of convers while she
wa tri to fix on one the cook took the cauldron of soup off the
fire and at onc set to work throw everyth within her reach at
the duchess and the baby--th fire-iron came first; then follow a
shower of saucepan plate and dish the duchess took no notic of
them even when they hit her; and the babi wa howl so much alreadi
that it wa quit imposs to say whether the blow hurt it or not

oh pleas mind what your doing! cri alic jump up and down in
an agoni of terror oh there goe hi preciou nose; as an unusu
larg saucepan flew close by it and veri nearli carri it off

if everybodi mind their own busi the duchess said in a hoars
growl the world would go round a deal faster than it doe

which would not be an advantag said alic who felt veri glad to get
an opportun of show off a littl of her knowledg just think of
what work it would make with the day and night! you see the earth take
twenty-four hour to turn round on it axis--

talk of axe said the duchess chop off her head!

alic glanc rather anxious at the cook to see if she meant to take
the hint; but the cook wa busili stir the soup and seem not to
be listen so she went on again: twenty-four hour i think; or is
it twelve? i--

oh dont bother me said the duchess; i never could abid figures!
and with that she began nurs her child again sing a sort of
lullabi to it as she did so and give it a violent shake at the end of
everi line:

speak roughli to your littl boy
and beat him when he sneezes:
he onli doe it to annoy
becaus he know it teas

choru

(in which the cook and the babi joined):--

wow! wow! wow!

while the duchess sang the second vers of the song she kept toss
the babi violent up and down and the poor littl thing howl so
that alic could hardli hear the words:--

i speak sever to my boy
i beat him when he sneezes;
for he can thoroughli enjoy
the pepper when he pleases!

choru

wow! wow! wow!

here! you may nurs it a bit if you like! the duchess said to alic
fling the babi at her as she spoke i must go and get readi to play
croquet with the queen and she hurri out of the room the cook threw
a frying-pan after her as she went out but it just miss her

alic caught the babi with some difficulti as it wa a queer-shap
littl creatur and held out it arm and leg in all direct just
like a star-fish thought alic the poor littl thing wa snort
like a steam-engin when she caught it and kept doubl itself up and
straighten itself out again so that altogeth for the first minut
or two it wa as much as she could do to hold it

as soon as she had made out the proper way of nurs it (which wa to
twist it up into a sort of knot and then keep tight hold of it right
ear and left foot so as to prevent it undo itself) she carri
it out into the open air if i dont take thi child away with me
thought alic theyr sure to kill it in a day or two: wouldnt it be
murder to leav it behind? she said the last word out loud and the
littl thing grunt in repli (it had left off sneez by thi time)
dont grunt said alice; that not at all a proper way of express
yourself

the babi grunt again and alic look veri anxious into it face to
see what wa the matter with it there could be no doubt that it had
a veri turn-up nose much more like a snout than a real nose; also it
eye were get extrem small for a baby: altogeth alic did not
like the look of the thing at all but perhap it wa onli sob
she thought and look into it eye again to see if there were ani
tear

no there were no tear if your go to turn into a pig my dear
said alic serious ill have noth more to do with you mind
now! the poor littl thing sob again (or grunt it wa imposs
to say which) and they went on for some while in silenc

alic wa just begin to think to herself now what am i to do with
thi creatur when i get it home? when it grunt again so violent
that she look down into it face in some alarm thi time there could
be no mistak about it: it wa neither more nor less than a pig and she
felt that it would be quit absurd for her to carri it further

so she set the littl creatur down and felt quit reliev to see
it trot away quietli into the wood if it had grown up she said
to herself it would have made a dread ugli child: but it make
rather a handsom pig i think and she began think over other
children she knew who might do veri well as pig and wa just say
to herself if one onli knew the right way to chang them-- when she
wa a littl startl by see the cheshir cat sit on a bough of a
tree a few yard off

the cat onli grin when it saw alic it look good-natur she
thought: still it had veri long claw and a great mani teeth so she
felt that it ought to be treat with respect

cheshir puss she began rather timidli as she did not at all know
whether it would like the name: howev it onli grin a littl wider
come it pleas so far thought alic and she went on would you
tell me pleas which way i ought to go from here?

that depend a good deal on where you want to get to said the cat

i dont much care where-- said alic

then it doesnt matter which way you go said the cat

--so long as i get somewher alic ad as an explan

oh your sure to do that said the cat if you onli walk long
enough

alic felt that thi could not be deni so she tri anoth question
what sort of peopl live about here?

in that direct the cat said wave it right paw round live
a hatter: and in that direct wave the other paw live a march
hare visit either you like: theyr both mad

but i dont want to go among mad peopl alic remark

oh you cant help that said the cat: were all mad here im mad
your mad

how do you know im mad? said alic

you must be said the cat or you wouldnt have come here

alic didnt think that prove it at all; howev she went on and how
do you know that your mad?

to begin with said the cat a dog not mad you grant that?

i suppos so said alic

well then the cat went on you see a dog growl when it angri
and wag it tail when it pleas now i growl when im pleas and
wag my tail when im angri therefor im mad

i call it pur not growl said alic

call it what you like said the cat do you play croquet with the
queen to-day?

i should like it veri much said alic but i havent been invit
yet

youll see me there said the cat and vanish

alic wa not much surpris at thi she wa get so use to queer
thing happen while she wa look at the place where it had been
it suddenli appear again

by-the-by what becam of the baby? said the cat id nearli
forgotten to ask

it turn into a pig alic quietli said just as if it had come back
in a natur way

i thought it would said the cat and vanish again

alic wait a littl half expect to see it again but it did not
appear and after a minut or two she walk on in the direct in
which the march hare wa said to live ive seen hatter befor she
said to herself; the march hare will be much the most interest and
perhap as thi is may it wont be rave mad--at least not so mad as
it wa in march as she said thi she look up and there wa the cat
again sit on a branch of a tree

did you say pig or fig? said the cat

i said pig repli alice; and i wish you wouldnt keep appear and
vanish so suddenly: you make one quit giddi

all right said the cat; and thi time it vanish quit slowli
begin with the end of the tail and end with the grin which
remain some time after the rest of it had gone

well! ive often seen a cat without a grin thought alice; but a grin
without a cat! it the most curiou thing i ever saw in my life!

she had not gone much farther befor she came in sight of the hous
of the march hare: she thought it must be the right hous becaus the
chimney were shape like ear and the roof wa thatch with fur it
wa so larg a hous that she did not like to go nearer till she had
nibbl some more of the lefthand bit of mushroom and rais herself to
about two feet high: even then she walk up toward it rather timidli
say to herself suppos it should be rave mad after all! i almost
wish id gone to see the hatter instead!




chapter vii a mad tea-parti

there wa a tabl set out under a tree in front of the hous and the
march hare and the hatter were have tea at it: a dormous wa sit
between them fast asleep and the other two were use it as a
cushion rest their elbow on it and talk over it head veri
uncomfort for the dormous thought alice; onli as it asleep i
suppos it doesnt mind

the tabl wa a larg one but the three were all crowd togeth at
one corner of it: no room! no room! they cri out when they saw alic
come there plenti of room! said alic indignantli and she sat
down in a larg arm-chair at one end of the tabl

have some wine the march hare said in an encourag tone

alic look all round the tabl but there wa noth on it but tea
i dont see ani wine she remark

there isnt ani said the march hare

then it wasnt veri civil of you to offer it said alic angrili

it wasnt veri civil of you to sit down without be invit said
the march hare

i didnt know it wa your tabl said alice; it laid for a great
mani more than three

your hair want cut said the hatter he had been look at alic
for some time with great curios and thi wa hi first speech

you should learn not to make person remark alic said with some
severity; it veri rude

the hatter open hi eye veri wide on hear this; but all he said
wa whi is a raven like a writing-desk?

come we shall have some fun now! thought alic im glad theyv
begun ask riddles--i believ i can guess that she ad aloud

do you mean that you think you can find out the answer to it? said the
march hare

exactli so said alic

then you should say what you mean the march hare went on

i do alic hastili replied; at least--at least i mean what i
say--that the same thing you know

not the same thing a bit! said the hatter you might just as well say
that i see what i eat is the same thing as i eat what i see!

you might just as well say ad the march hare that i like what i
get is the same thing as i get what i like!

you might just as well say ad the dormous who seem to be
talk in hi sleep that i breath when i sleep is the same thing
as i sleep when i breathe!

it is the same thing with you said the hatter and here the
convers drop and the parti sat silent for a minut while alic
thought over all she could rememb about raven and writing-desk
which wasnt much

the hatter wa the first to break the silenc what day of the month
is it? he said turn to alice: he had taken hi watch out of hi
pocket and wa look at it uneasili shake it everi now and then
and hold it to hi ear

alic consid a littl and then said the fourth

two day wrong! sigh the hatter i told you butter wouldnt suit
the works! he ad look angrili at the march hare

it wa the best butter the march hare meekli repli

ye but some crumb must have got in as well the hatter grumbled:
you shouldnt have put it in with the bread-knif

the march hare took the watch and look at it gloomily: then he dip
it into hi cup of tea and look at it again: but he could think of
noth better to say than hi first remark it wa the best butter
you know

alic had been look over hi shoulder with some curios what a
funni watch! she remark it tell the day of the month and doesnt
tell what oclock it is!

whi should it? mutter the hatter doe your watch tell you what
year it is?

of cours not alic repli veri readily: but that becaus it
stay the same year for such a long time togeth

which is just the case with mine said the hatter

alic felt dread puzzl the hatter remark seem to have no
sort of mean in it and yet it wa certainli english i dont quit
understand you she said as polit as she could

the dormous is asleep again said the hatter and he pour a littl
hot tea upon it nose

the dormous shook it head impati and said without open it
eye of cours of course; just what i wa go to remark myself

have you guess the riddl yet? the hatter said turn to alic
again

no i give it up alic replied: what the answer?

i havent the slightest idea said the hatter

nor i said the march hare

alic sigh wearili i think you might do someth better with the
time she said than wast it in ask riddl that have no answer

if you knew time as well as i do said the hatter you wouldnt talk
about wast it it him

i dont know what you mean said alic

of cours you dont! the hatter said toss hi head contemptu
i dare say you never even spoke to time!

perhap not alic cautious replied: but i know i have to beat time
when i learn music

ah! that account for it said the hatter he wont stand beat
now if you onli kept on good term with him hed do almost anyth
you like with the clock for instanc suppos it were nine oclock in
the morn just time to begin lessons: youd onli have to whisper a
hint to time and round goe the clock in a twinkling! half-past one
time for dinner!

(i onli wish it wa the march hare said to itself in a whisper)

that would be grand certainli said alic thoughtfully: but then--i
shouldnt be hungri for it you know

not at first perhap said the hatter: but you could keep it to
half-past one as long as you like

is that the way you manage? alic ask

the hatter shook hi head mourn not i! he repli we
quarrel last march--just befor he went mad you know-- (point
with hi tea spoon at the march hare) --it wa at the great concert
given by the queen of heart and i had to sing

twinkl twinkl littl bat!
how i wonder what your at!

you know the song perhaps?

ive heard someth like it said alic

it goe on you know the hatter continu in thi way:--

up abov the world you fli
like a tea-tray in the sky
twinkl twinkle--

here the dormous shook itself and began sing in it sleep twinkl
twinkl twinkl twinkle-- and went on so long that they had to pinch
it to make it stop

well id hardli finish the first vers said the hatter when the
queen jump up and bawl out he murder the time! off with hi
head!

how dread savage! exclaim alic

and ever sinc that the hatter went on in a mourn tone he wont
do a thing i ask! it alway six oclock now

a bright idea came into alic head is that the reason so mani
tea-th are put out here? she ask

ye that it said the hatter with a sigh: it alway tea-tim
and weve no time to wash the thing between while

then you keep move round i suppose? said alic

exactli so said the hatter: as the thing get use up

but what happen when you come to the begin again? alic ventur
to ask

suppos we chang the subject the march hare interrupt yawn
im get tire of thi i vote the young ladi tell us a stori

im afraid i dont know one said alic rather alarm at the
propos

then the dormous shall! they both cri wake up dormouse! and
they pinch it on both side at onc

the dormous slowli open hi eye i wasnt asleep he said in a
hoars feebl voice: i heard everi word you fellow were say

tell us a story! said the march hare

ye pleas do! plead alic

and be quick about it ad the hatter or youll be asleep again
befor it done

onc upon a time there were three littl sister the dormous began
in a great hurry; and their name were elsi laci and tillie; and
they live at the bottom of a well--

what did they live on? said alic who alway took a great interest in
question of eat and drink

they live on treacl said the dormous after think a minut or
two

they couldnt have done that you know alic gentli remarked; theyd
have been ill

so they were said the dormouse; veri ill

alic tri to fanci to herself what such an extraordinari way of
live would be like but it puzzl her too much so she went on: but
whi did they live at the bottom of a well?

take some more tea the march hare said to alic veri earnestli

ive had noth yet alic repli in an offend tone so i cant
take more

you mean you cant take less said the hatter: it veri easi to take
more than noth

nobodi ask your opinion said alic

who make person remark now? the hatter ask triumphantli

alic did not quit know what to say to this: so she help herself
to some tea and bread-and-butt and then turn to the dormous and
repeat her question whi did they live at the bottom of a well?

the dormous again took a minut or two to think about it and then
said it wa a treacle-wel

there no such thing! alic wa begin veri angrili but the
hatter and the march hare went sh! sh! and the dormous sulkili
remark if you cant be civil youd better finish the stori for
yourself

no pleas go on! alic said veri humbly; i wont interrupt again i
dare say there may be one

one indeed! said the dormous indignantli howev he consent to
go on and so these three littl sisters--they were learn to draw
you know--

what did they draw? said alic quit forget her promis

treacl said the dormous without consid at all thi time

i want a clean cup interrupt the hatter: let all move one place
on

he move on as he spoke and the dormous follow him: the march hare
move into the dormous place and alic rather unwillingli took
the place of the march hare the hatter wa the onli one who got ani
advantag from the change: and alic wa a good deal wors off than
befor as the march hare had just upset the milk-jug into hi plate

alic did not wish to offend the dormous again so she began veri
cautiously: but i dont understand where did they draw the treacl
from?

you can draw water out of a water-wel said the hatter; so i should
think you could draw treacl out of a treacle-well--eh stupid?

but they were in the well alic said to the dormous not choos to
notic thi last remark

of cours they were said the dormouse; --well in

thi answer so confus poor alic that she let the dormous go on for
some time without interrupt it

they were learn to draw the dormous went on yawn and rub
it eye for it wa get veri sleepy; and they drew all manner of
things--everyth that begin with an m--

whi with an m? said alic

whi not? said the march hare

alic wa silent

the dormous had close it eye by thi time and wa go off into
a doze; but on be pinch by the hatter it woke up again with
a littl shriek and went on: --that begin with an m such as
mouse-trap and the moon and memori and muchness--y know you say
thing are much of a muchness--did you ever see such a thing as a
draw of a muchness?

realli now you ask me said alic veri much confus i dont
think--

then you shouldnt talk said the hatter

thi piec of rude wa more than alic could bear: she got up in
great disgust and walk off; the dormous fell asleep instantli and
neither of the other took the least notic of her go though she
look back onc or twice half hope that they would call after her:
the last time she saw them they were tri to put the dormous into
the teapot

at ani rate ill never go there again! said alic as she pick her
way through the wood it the stupidest tea-parti i ever wa at in all
my life!

just as she said thi she notic that one of the tree had a door
lead right into it that veri curious! she thought but
everyth curiou today i think i may as well go in at onc and in
she went

onc more she found herself in the long hall and close to the littl
glass tabl now ill manag better thi time she said to herself
and began by take the littl golden key and unlock the door that
led into the garden then she went to work nibbl at the mushroom (she
had kept a piec of it in her pocket) till she wa about a foot high:
then she walk down the littl passage: and then--sh found herself at
last in the beauti garden among the bright flower-b and the cool
fountain




chapter viii the queen croquet-ground

a larg rose-tre stood near the entranc of the garden: the rose
grow on it were white but there were three garden at it busili
paint them red alic thought thi a veri curiou thing and she went
nearer to watch them and just as she came up to them she heard one of
them say look out now five! dont go splash paint over me like
that!

i couldnt help it said five in a sulki tone; seven jog my
elbow

on which seven look up and said that right five! alway lay the
blame on others!

youd better not talk! said five i heard the queen say onli
yesterday you deserv to be beheaded!

what for? said the one who had spoken first

that none of your busi two! said seven

ye it is hi business! said five and ill tell him--it wa for
bring the cook tulip-root instead of onion

seven flung down hi brush and had just begun well of all the unjust
things-- when hi eye chanc to fall upon alic as she stood watch
them and he check himself suddenly: the other look round also and
all of them bow low

would you tell me said alic a littl timidli whi you are paint
those roses?

five and seven said noth but look at two two began in a low
voic whi the fact is you see miss thi here ought to have been a
red rose-tre and we put a white one in by mistake; and if the queen
wa to find it out we should all have our head cut off you know
so you see miss were do our best afor she come to-- at thi
moment five who had been anxious look across the garden call
out the queen! the queen! and the three garden instantli threw
themselv flat upon their face there wa a sound of mani footstep
and alic look round eager to see the queen

first came ten soldier carri clubs; these were all shape like
the three garden oblong and flat with their hand and feet at the
corners: next the ten courtiers; these were ornament all over with
diamond and walk two and two as the soldier did after these came
the royal children; there were ten of them and the littl dear came
jump merrili along hand in hand in couples: they were all ornament
with heart next came the guest mostli king and queen and among
them alic recognis the white rabbit: it wa talk in a hurri
nervou manner smile at everyth that wa said and went by without
notic her then follow the knave of heart carri the king
crown on a crimson velvet cushion; and last of all thi grand
process came the king and queen of heart

alic wa rather doubt whether she ought not to lie down on her face
like the three garden but she could not rememb ever have heard
of such a rule at processions; and besid what would be the use of
a process thought she if peopl had all to lie down upon their
face so that they couldnt see it? so she stood still where she wa
and wait

when the process came opposit to alic they all stop and look
at her and the queen said sever who is this? she said it to the
knave of heart who onli bow and smile in repli

idiot! said the queen toss her head impatiently; and turn to
alic she went on what your name child?

my name is alic so pleas your majesti said alic veri politely;
but she ad to herself whi theyr onli a pack of card after
all i neednt be afraid of them!

and who are these? said the queen point to the three garden who
were lie round the rosetree; for you see as they were lie on their
face and the pattern on their back wa the same as the rest of the
pack she could not tell whether they were garden or soldier or
courtier or three of her own children

how should i know? said alic surpris at her own courag it no
busi of mine

the queen turn crimson with furi and after glare at her for a
moment like a wild beast scream off with her head! off--

nonsense! said alic veri loudli and decidedli and the queen wa
silent

the king laid hi hand upon her arm and timidli said consid my
dear: she is onli a child!

the queen turn angrili away from him and said to the knave turn them
over!

the knave did so veri care with one foot

get up! said the queen in a shrill loud voic and the three
garden instantli jump up and began bow to the king the queen
the royal children and everybodi els

leav off that! scream the queen you make me giddi and then
turn to the rose-tre she went on what have you been do here?

may it pleas your majesti said two in a veri humbl tone go
down on one knee as he spoke we were trying--

i see! said the queen who had meanwhil been examin the rose
off with their heads! and the process move on three of the
soldier remain behind to execut the unfortun garden who ran
to alic for protect

you shant be beheaded! said alic and she put them into a larg
flower-pot that stood near the three soldier wander about for a
minut or two look for them and then quietli march off after the
other

are their head off? shout the queen

their head are gone if it pleas your majesty! the soldier shout
in repli

that right! shout the queen can you play croquet?

the soldier were silent and look at alic as the question wa
evid meant for her

yes! shout alic

come on then! roar the queen and alic join the process
wonder veri much what would happen next

its--it a veri fine day! said a timid voic at her side she wa
walk by the white rabbit who wa peep anxious into her face

veri said alice: --where the duchess?

hush! hush! said the rabbit in a low hurri tone he look
anxious over hi shoulder as he spoke and then rais himself upon
tipto put hi mouth close to her ear and whisper she under
sentenc of execut

what for? said alic

did you say what a pity!? the rabbit ask

no i didnt said alice: i dont think it at all a piti i said
what for?

she box the queen ears-- the rabbit began alic gave a littl
scream of laughter oh hush! the rabbit whisper in a frighten
tone the queen will hear you! you see she came rather late and the
queen said--

get to your places! shout the queen in a voic of thunder and
peopl began run about in all direct tumbl up against each
other; howev they got settl down in a minut or two and the game
began alic thought she had never seen such a curiou croquet-ground in
her life; it wa all ridg and furrows; the ball were live hedgehog
the mallet live flamingo and the soldier had to doubl themselv
up and to stand on their hand and feet to make the arch

the chief difficulti alic found at first wa in manag her flamingo:
she succeed in get it bodi tuck away comfort enough under
her arm with it leg hang down but gener just as she had got
it neck nice straighten out and wa go to give the hedgehog a
blow with it head it would twist itself round and look up in her face
with such a puzzl express that she could not help burst out
laughing: and when she had got it head down and wa go to begin
again it wa veri provok to find that the hedgehog had unrol
itself and wa in the act of crawl away: besid all thi there wa
gener a ridg or furrow in the way wherev she want to send the
hedgehog to and as the doubled-up soldier were alway get up
and walk off to other part of the ground alic soon came to the
conclus that it wa a veri difficult game inde

the player all play at onc without wait for turn quarrel
all the while and fight for the hedgehogs; and in a veri short
time the queen wa in a furiou passion and went stamp about and
shout off with hi head! or off with her head! about onc in a
minut

alic began to feel veri uneasy: to be sure she had not as yet had ani
disput with the queen but she knew that it might happen ani minut
and then thought she what would becom of me? theyr dread
fond of behead peopl here; the great wonder is that there ani one
left alive!

she wa look about for some way of escap and wonder whether she
could get away without be seen when she notic a curiou appear
in the air: it puzzl her veri much at first but after watch it
a minut or two she made it out to be a grin and she said to herself
it the cheshir cat: now i shall have somebodi to talk to

how are you get on? said the cat as soon as there wa mouth
enough for it to speak with

alic wait till the eye appear and then nod it no use
speak to it she thought till it ear have come or at least one
of them in anoth minut the whole head appear and then alic put
down her flamingo and began an account of the game feel veri glad
she had someon to listen to her the cat seem to think that there wa
enough of it now in sight and no more of it appear

i dont think they play at all fairli alic began in rather a
complain tone and they all quarrel so dread one cant hear
oneself speak--and they dont seem to have ani rule in particular;
at least if there are nobodi attend to them--and youv no idea how
confus it is all the thing be alive; for instanc there the
arch ive got to go through next walk about at the other end of the
ground--and i should have croquet the queen hedgehog just now onli
it ran away when it saw mine coming!

how do you like the queen? said the cat in a low voic

not at all said alice: she so extremely-- just then she notic
that the queen wa close behind her listening: so she went on
--like to win that it hardli worth while finish the game

the queen smile and pass on

who are you talk to? said the king go up to alic and look
at the cat head with great curios

it a friend of mine--a cheshir cat said alice: allow me to
introduc it

i dont like the look of it at all said the king: howev it may
kiss my hand if it like

id rather not the cat remark

dont be impertin said the king and dont look at me like that!
he got behind alic as he spoke

a cat may look at a king said alic ive read that in some book
but i dont rememb where

well it must be remov said the king veri decidedli and he call
the queen who wa pass at the moment my dear! i wish you would
have thi cat removed!

the queen had onli one way of settl all difficulti great or small
off with hi head! she said without even look round

ill fetch the execution myself said the king eagerli and he
hurri off

alic thought she might as well go back and see how the game wa go
on as she heard the queen voic in the distanc scream with
passion she had alreadi heard her sentenc three of the player to be
execut for have miss their turn and she did not like the look
of thing at all as the game wa in such confus that she never knew
whether it wa her turn or not so she went in search of her hedgehog

the hedgehog wa engag in a fight with anoth hedgehog which seem
to alic an excel opportun for croquet one of them with the
other: the onli difficulti wa that her flamingo wa gone across to the
other side of the garden where alic could see it tri in a helpless
sort of way to fli up into a tree

by the time she had caught the flamingo and brought it back the fight
wa over and both the hedgehog were out of sight: but it doesnt
matter much thought alic as all the arch are gone from thi side
of the ground so she tuck it away under her arm that it might not
escap again and went back for a littl more convers with her
friend

when she got back to the cheshir cat she wa surpris to find quit a
larg crowd collect round it: there wa a disput go on between
the execution the king and the queen who were all talk at onc
while all the rest were quit silent and look veri uncomfort

the moment alic appear she wa appeal to by all three to settl
the question and they repeat their argument to her though as they
all spoke at onc she found it veri hard inde to make out exactli
what they said

the execution argument wa that you couldnt cut off a head unless
there wa a bodi to cut it off from: that he had never had to do such a
thing befor and he wasnt go to begin at hi time of life

the king argument wa that anyth that had a head could be
behead and that you werent to talk nonsens

the queen argument wa that if someth wasnt done about it in less
than no time shed have everybodi execut all round (it wa thi last
remark that had made the whole parti look so grave and anxious)

alic could think of noth els to say but it belong to the duchess:
youd better ask her about it

she in prison the queen said to the executioner: fetch her here
and the execution went off like an arrow

the cat head began fade away the moment he wa gone and
by the time he had come back with the duchess it had entir
disappeared; so the king and the execution ran wildli up and down
look for it while the rest of the parti went back to the game




chapter ix the mock turtl stori

you cant think how glad i am to see you again you dear old thing!
said the duchess as she tuck her arm affection into alic and
they walk off togeth

alic wa veri glad to find her in such a pleasant temper and thought
to herself that perhap it wa onli the pepper that had made her so
savag when they met in the kitchen

when im a duchess she said to herself (not in a veri hope tone
though) i wont have ani pepper in my kitchen at all soup doe veri
well without--mayb it alway pepper that make peopl hot-temp
she went on veri much pleas at have found out a new kind of
rule and vinegar that make them sour--and camomil that make
them bitter--and--and barley-sugar and such thing that make children
sweet-temp i onli wish peopl knew that: then they wouldnt be so
stingi about it you know--

she had quit forgotten the duchess by thi time and wa a littl
startl when she heard her voic close to her ear your think
about someth my dear and that make you forget to talk i cant
tell you just now what the moral of that is but i shall rememb it in
a bit

perhap it hasnt one alic ventur to remark

tut tut child! said the duchess everyth got a moral if onli
you can find it and she squeez herself up closer to alic side as
she spoke

alic did not much like keep so close to her: first becaus the
duchess wa veri ugly; and secondli becaus she wa exactli the
right height to rest her chin upon alic shoulder and it wa an
uncomfort sharp chin howev she did not like to be rude so she
bore it as well as she could

the game go on rather better now she said by way of keep up
the convers a littl

ti so said the duchess: and the moral of that is--oh ti love
ti love that make the world go round!

somebodi said alic whisper that it done by everybodi mind
their own business!

ah well! it mean much the same thing said the duchess dig her
sharp littl chin into alic shoulder as she ad and the moral
of that is--tak care of the sens and the sound will take care of
themselv

how fond she is of find moral in things! alic thought to herself

i dare say your wonder whi i dont put my arm round your waist
the duchess said after a pause: the reason is that im doubt about
the temper of your flamingo shall i tri the experiment?

he might bite alic cautious repli not feel at all anxiou to
have the experi tri

veri true said the duchess: flamingo and mustard both bite and
the moral of that is--bird of a feather flock togeth

onli mustard isnt a bird alic remark

right as usual said the duchess: what a clear way you have of
put things!

it a miner i think said alic

of cours it is said the duchess who seem readi to agre to
everyth that alic said; there a larg mustard-min near here and
the moral of that is--th more there is of mine the less there is of
your

oh i know! exclaim alic who had not attend to thi last remark
it a veget it doesnt look like one but it is

i quit agre with you said the duchess; and the moral of that
is--b what you would seem to be--or if youd like it put more
simply--nev imagin yourself not to be otherwis than what it might
appear to other that what you were or might have been wa not otherwis
than what you had been would have appear to them to be otherwis

i think i should understand that better alic said veri polit if
i had it written down: but i cant quit follow it as you say it

that noth to what i could say if i chose the duchess repli in
a pleas tone

pray dont troubl yourself to say it ani longer than that said
alic

oh dont talk about trouble! said the duchess i make you a present
of everyth ive said as yet

a cheap sort of present! thought alic im glad they dont give
birthday present like that! but she did not ventur to say it out
loud

think again? the duchess ask with anoth dig of her sharp
littl chin

ive a right to think said alic sharpli for she wa begin to
feel a littl worri

just about as much right said the duchess as pig have to fly; and
the m--

but here to alic great surpris the duchesss voic die away even
in the middl of her favourit word moral and the arm that wa link
into her began to trembl alic look up and there stood the queen
in front of them with her arm fold frown like a thunderstorm

a fine day your majesty! the duchess began in a low weak voic

now i give you fair warn shout the queen stamp on the
ground as she spoke; either you or your head must be off and that in
about half no time! take your choice!

the duchess took her choic and wa gone in a moment

let go on with the game the queen said to alice; and alic wa
too much frighten to say a word but slowli follow her back to the
croquet-ground

the other guest had taken advantag of the queen absenc and were
rest in the shade: howev the moment they saw her they hurri
back to the game the queen mere remark that a moment delay would
cost them their live

all the time they were play the queen never left off quarrel with
the other player and shout off with hi head! or off with her
head! those whom she sentenc were taken into custodi by the soldier
who of cours had to leav off be arch to do thi so that by
the end of half an hour or so there were no arch left and all the
player except the king the queen and alic were in custodi and
under sentenc of execut

then the queen left off quit out of breath and said to alic have
you seen the mock turtl yet?

no said alic i dont even know what a mock turtl is

it the thing mock turtl soup is made from said the queen

i never saw one or heard of one said alic

come on then said the queen and he shall tell you hi histori

as they walk off togeth alic heard the king say in a low voic
to the compani gener you are all pardon come that a good
thing! she said to herself for she had felt quit unhappi at the
number of execut the queen had order

they veri soon came upon a gryphon lie fast asleep in the sun
(if you dont know what a gryphon is look at the picture) up lazi
thing! said the queen and take thi young ladi to see the mock
turtl and to hear hi histori i must go back and see after some
execut i have ordered; and she walk off leav alic alon with
the gryphon alic did not quit like the look of the creatur but on
the whole she thought it would be quit as safe to stay with it as to go
after that savag queen: so she wait

the gryphon sat up and rub it eyes: then it watch the queen till
she wa out of sight: then it chuckl what fun! said the gryphon
half to itself half to alic

what is the fun? said alic

whi she said the gryphon it all her fanci that: they never
execut nobodi you know come on!

everybodi say come on! here thought alic as she went slowli
after it: i never wa so order about in all my life never!

they had not gone far befor they saw the mock turtl in the distanc
sit sad and lone on a littl ledg of rock and as they came
nearer alic could hear him sigh as if hi heart would break she
piti him deepli what is hi sorrow? she ask the gryphon and the
gryphon answer veri nearli in the same word as befor it all hi
fanci that: he hasnt got no sorrow you know come on!

so they went up to the mock turtl who look at them with larg eye
full of tear but said noth

thi here young ladi said the gryphon she want for to know your
histori she do

ill tell it her said the mock turtl in a deep hollow tone: sit
down both of you and dont speak a word till ive finish

so they sat down and nobodi spoke for some minut alic thought to
herself i dont see how he can even finish if he doesnt begin but
she wait patient

onc said the mock turtl at last with a deep sigh i wa a real
turtl

these word were follow by a veri long silenc broken onli by an
occasion exclam of hjckrrh! from the gryphon and the constant
heavi sob of the mock turtl alic wa veri nearli get up and
say thank you sir for your interest stori but she could
not help think there must be more to come so she sat still and said
noth

when we were littl the mock turtl went on at last more calmli
though still sob a littl now and then we went to school in the
sea the master wa an old turtle--w use to call him tortoise--

whi did you call him tortois if he wasnt one? alic ask

we call him tortois becaus he taught us said the mock turtl
angrily: realli you are veri dull!

you ought to be asham of yourself for ask such a simpl question
ad the gryphon; and then they both sat silent and look at poor
alic who felt readi to sink into the earth at last the gryphon said
to the mock turtl drive on old fellow! dont be all day about it!
and he went on in these words:

ye we went to school in the sea though you maynt believ it--

i never said i didnt! interrupt alic

you did said the mock turtl

hold your tongue! ad the gryphon befor alic could speak again
the mock turtl went on

we had the best of educations--in fact we went to school everi day--

ive been to a day-school too said alice; you neednt be so proud
as all that

with extras? ask the mock turtl a littl anxious

ye said alic we learn french and music

and washing? said the mock turtl

certainli not! said alic indignantli

ah! then your wasnt a realli good school said the mock turtl in
a tone of great relief now at our they had at the end of the bill
french music and washing--extra

you couldnt have want it much said alice; live at the bottom of
the sea

i couldnt afford to learn it said the mock turtl with a sigh i
onli took the regular cours

what wa that? inquir alic

reel and writh of cours to begin with the mock turtl
replied; and then the differ branch of arithmetic--ambit
distract uglif and deris

i never heard of uglif alic ventur to say what is it?

the gryphon lift up both it paw in surpris what! never heard of
uglifying! it exclaim you know what to beautifi is i suppose?

ye said alic doubtfully: it means--to--make--anything--pretti

well then the gryphon went on if you dont know what to uglifi is
you are a simpleton

alic did not feel encourag to ask ani more question about it so she
turn to the mock turtl and said what els had you to learn?

well there wa mysteri the mock turtl repli count off
the subject on hi flapper --mysteri ancient and modern with
seaography: then drawling--th drawling-mast wa an old conger-eel
that use to come onc a week: he taught us drawl stretch and
faint in coil

what wa that like? said alic

well i cant show it you myself the mock turtl said: im too
stiff and the gryphon never learnt it

hadnt time said the gryphon: i went to the classic master though
he wa an old crab he wa

i never went to him the mock turtl said with a sigh: he taught
laugh and grief they use to say

so he did so he did said the gryphon sigh in hi turn; and both
creatur hid their face in their paw

and how mani hour a day did you do lessons? said alic in a hurri to
chang the subject

ten hour the first day said the mock turtle: nine the next and so
on

what a curiou plan! exclaim alic

that the reason theyr call lesson the gryphon remarked:
becaus they lessen from day to day

thi wa quit a new idea to alic and she thought it over a littl
befor she made her next remark then the eleventh day must have been a
holiday?

of cours it wa said the mock turtl

and how did you manag on the twelfth? alic went on eagerli

that enough about lesson the gryphon interrupt in a veri decid
tone: tell her someth about the game now




chapter x the lobster quadril

the mock turtl sigh deepli and drew the back of one flapper across
hi eye he look at alic and tri to speak but for a minut or
two sob choke hi voic same as if he had a bone in hi throat
said the gryphon: and it set to work shake him and punch him in
the back at last the mock turtl recov hi voic and with tear
run down hi cheek he went on again:--

you may not have live much under the sea-- (i havent said
alice)--and perhap you were never even introduc to a lobster--
(alic began to say i onc tasted-- but check herself hastili and
said no never) --so you can have no idea what a delight thing a
lobster quadril is!

no inde said alic what sort of a danc is it?

whi said the gryphon you first form into a line along the
sea-shore--

two lines! cri the mock turtl seal turtl salmon and so on;
then when youv clear all the jelly-fish out of the way--

that gener take some time interrupt the gryphon

--you advanc twice--

each with a lobster as a partner! cri the gryphon

of cours the mock turtl said: advanc twice set to partners--

--chang lobster and retir in same order continu the gryphon

then you know the mock turtl went on you throw the--

the lobsters! shout the gryphon with a bound into the air

--a far out to sea as you can--

swim after them! scream the gryphon

turn a somersault in the sea! cri the mock turtl caper wildli
about

chang lobster again! yell the gryphon at the top of it voic

back to land again and that all the first figur said the mock
turtl suddenli drop hi voice; and the two creatur who had been
jump about like mad thing all thi time sat down again veri sadli
and quietli and look at alic

it must be a veri pretti danc said alic timidli

would you like to see a littl of it? said the mock turtl

veri much inde said alic

come let tri the first figure! said the mock turtl to the gryphon
we can do without lobster you know which shall sing?

oh you sing said the gryphon ive forgotten the word

so they began solemnli danc round and round alic everi now and
then tread on her toe when they pass too close and wave their
forepaw to mark the time while the mock turtl sang thi veri slowli
and sadly:--

will you walk a littl faster? said a white to a snail
there a porpois close behind us and he tread on my tail

see how eagerli the lobster and the turtl all advance!
they are wait on the shingle--wil you come and join the dance?

will you wont you will you wont you will you join the dance?
will you wont you will you wont you wont you join the dance?

you can realli have no notion how delight it will be
when they take us up and throw us with the lobster out to sea!
but the snail repli too far too far! and gave a look askance--
said he thank the white kindli but he would not join the danc

would not could not would not could not would not join the danc
would not could not would not could not could not join the danc

what matter it how far we go? hi scali friend repli
there is anoth shore you know upon the other side
the further off from england the nearer is to france--
then turn not pale belov snail but come and join the danc

will you wont you will you wont you will you join the dance?
will you wont you will you wont you wont you join the dance?

thank you it a veri interest danc to watch said alic feel
veri glad that it wa over at last: and i do so like that curiou song
about the whiting!

oh as to the white said the mock turtl they--youv seen them
of course?

ye said alic ive often seen them at dinn-- she check herself
hastili

i dont know where dinn may be said the mock turtl but if youv
seen them so often of cours you know what theyr like

i believ so alic repli thought they have their tail in
their mouths--and theyr all over crumb

your wrong about the crumb said the mock turtle: crumb would all
wash off in the sea but they have their tail in their mouths; and the
reason is-- here the mock turtl yawn and shut hi eyes--tel her
about the reason and all that he said to the gryphon

the reason is said the gryphon that they would go with the lobster
to the danc so they got thrown out to sea so they had to fall a long
way so they got their tail fast in their mouth so they couldnt get
them out again that all

thank you said alic it veri interest i never knew so much
about a white befor

i can tell you more than that if you like said the gryphon do you
know whi it call a whiting?

i never thought about it said alic why?

it doe the boot and shoe the gryphon repli veri solemnli

alic wa thoroughli puzzl doe the boot and shoes! she repeat
in a wonder tone

whi what are your shoe done with? said the gryphon i mean what
make them so shiny?

alic look down at them and consid a littl befor she gave her
answer theyr done with black i believ

boot and shoe under the sea the gryphon went on in a deep voic
are done with a white now you know

and what are they made of? alic ask in a tone of great curios

sole and eel of cours the gryphon repli rather impatiently:
ani shrimp could have told you that

if id been the white said alic whose thought were still run
on the song id have said to the porpois keep back please: we
dont want you with us!

they were oblig to have him with them the mock turtl said: no
wise fish would go anywher without a porpois

wouldnt it really? said alic in a tone of great surpris

of cours not said the mock turtle: whi if a fish came to me and
told me he wa go a journey i should say with what porpoise?

dont you mean purpose? said alic

i mean what i say the mock turtl repli in an offend tone and
the gryphon ad come let hear some of your adventur

i could tell you my adventures--begin from thi morn said
alic a littl timidly: but it no use go back to yesterday
becaus i wa a differ person then

explain all that said the mock turtl

no no! the adventur first said the gryphon in an impati tone:
explan take such a dread time

so alic began tell them her adventur from the time when she first
saw the white rabbit she wa a littl nervou about it just at first
the two creatur got so close to her one on each side and open
their eye and mouth so veri wide but she gain courag as she went
on her listen were perfectli quiet till she got to the part about
her repeat you are old father william to the caterpillar and the
word all come differ and then the mock turtl drew a long breath
and said that veri curiou

it all about as curiou as it can be said the gryphon

it all came different! the mock turtl repeat thought i
should like to hear her tri and repeat someth now tell her to
begin he look at the gryphon as if he thought it had some kind of
author over alic

stand up and repeat ti the voic of the sluggard said the
gryphon

how the creatur order one about and make one repeat lessons!
thought alice; i might as well be at school at onc howev she
got up and began to repeat it but her head wa so full of the lobster
quadril that she hardli knew what she wa say and the word came
veri queer indeed:--

ti the voic of the lobster; i heard him declar
you have bake me too brown i must sugar my hair
as a duck with it eyelid so he with hi nose
trim hi belt and hi button and turn out hi toe

[later edit continu as follow
when the sand are all dri he is gay as a lark
and will talk in contemptu tone of the shark
but when the tide rise and shark are around
hi voic ha a timid and tremul sound]

that differ from what i use to say when i wa a child said the
gryphon

well i never heard it befor said the mock turtle; but it sound
uncommon nonsens

alic said nothing; she had sat down with her face in her hand
wonder if anyth would ever happen in a natur way again

i should like to have it explain said the mock turtl

she cant explain it said the gryphon hastili go on with the next
vers

but about hi toes? the mock turtl persist how could he turn them
out with hi nose you know?

it the first posit in danc alic said; but wa dread
puzzl by the whole thing and long to chang the subject

go on with the next vers the gryphon repeat impatiently: it
begin i pass by hi garden

alic did not dare to disobey though she felt sure it would all come
wrong and she went on in a trembl voice:--

i pass by hi garden and mark with one eye
how the owl and the panther were share a pie--

[later edit continu as follow
the panther took pie-crust and gravi and meat
while the owl had the dish as it share of the treat
when the pie wa all finish the owl as a boon
wa kindli permit to pocket the spoon:
while the panther receiv knife and fork with a growl
and conclud the banquet--]

what is the use of repeat all that stuff the mock turtl
interrupt if you dont explain it as you go on? it by far the most
confus thing i ever heard!

ye i think youd better leav off said the gryphon: and alic wa
onli too glad to do so

shall we tri anoth figur of the lobster quadrille? the gryphon went
on or would you like the mock turtl to sing you a song?

oh a song pleas if the mock turtl would be so kind alic
repli so eagerli that the gryphon said in a rather offend tone
hm! no account for tastes! sing her turtl soup will you old
fellow?

the mock turtl sigh deepli and began in a voic sometim choke
with sob to sing this:--

beauti soup so rich and green
wait in a hot tureen!
who for such dainti would not stoop?
soup of the even beauti soup!
soup of the even beauti soup!
beau--ooti soo--oop!
beau--ooti soo--oop!
soo--oop of the e--e--even
beauti beauti soup!

beauti soup! who care for fish
game or ani other dish?
who would not give all els for two
pennyworth onli of beauti soup?
pennyworth onli of beauti soup?
beau--ooti soo--oop!
beau--ooti soo--oop!
soo--oop of the e--e--even
beauti beauti-- soup!

choru again! cri the gryphon and the mock turtl had just begun
to repeat it when a cri of the trial beginning! wa heard in the
distanc

come on! cri the gryphon and take alic by the hand it hurri
off without wait for the end of the song

what trial is it? alic pant as she ran; but the gryphon onli
answer come on! and ran the faster while more and more faintli
came carri on the breez that follow them the melancholi words:--

soo--oop of the e--e--even
beauti beauti soup!




chapter xi who stole the tarts?

the king and queen of heart were seat on their throne when they
arriv with a great crowd assembl about them--al sort of littl
bird and beast as well as the whole pack of cards: the knave wa
stand befor them in chain with a soldier on each side to guard
him; and near the king wa the white rabbit with a trumpet in one hand
and a scroll of parchment in the other in the veri middl of the court
wa a tabl with a larg dish of tart upon it: they look so good
that it made alic quit hungri to look at them--i wish theyd get the
trial done she thought and hand round the refreshments! but there
seem to be no chanc of thi so she began look at everyth about
her to pass away the time

alic had never been in a court of justic befor but she had read
about them in book and she wa quit pleas to find that she knew
the name of nearli everyth there that the judg she said to
herself becaus of hi great wig

the judg by the way wa the king; and as he wore hi crown over the
wig (look at the frontispiec if you want to see how he did it) he did
not look at all comfort and it wa certainli not becom

and that the jury-box thought alic and those twelv creatur
(she wa oblig to say creatur you see becaus some of them were
anim and some were birds) i suppos they are the juror she said
thi last word two or three time over to herself be rather proud of
it: for she thought and rightli too that veri few littl girl of her
age knew the mean of it at all howev jury-men would have done
just as well

the twelv juror were all write veri busili on slate what are they
doing? alic whisper to the gryphon they cant have anyth to put
down yet befor the trial begun

theyr put down their name the gryphon whisper in repli for
fear they should forget them befor the end of the trial

stupid things! alic began in a loud indign voic but she stop
hastili for the white rabbit cri out silenc in the court! and the
king put on hi spectacl and look anxious round to make out who
wa talk

alic could see as well as if she were look over their shoulder
that all the juror were write down stupid things! on their slate
and she could even make out that one of them didnt know how to spell
stupid and that he had to ask hi neighbour to tell him a nice
muddl their slatesl be in befor the trial over! thought alic

one of the juror had a pencil that squeak thi of cours alic
could not stand and she went round the court and got behind him and
veri soon found an opportun of take it away she did it so quickli
that the poor littl juror (it wa bill the lizard) could not make out
at all what had becom of it; so after hunt all about for it he wa
oblig to write with one finger for the rest of the day; and thi wa
of veri littl use as it left no mark on the slate

herald read the accusation! said the king

on thi the white rabbit blew three blast on the trumpet and then
unrol the parchment scroll and read as follows:--

the queen of heart she made some tart
all on a summer day:
the knave of heart he stole those tart
and took them quit away!

consid your verdict the king said to the juri

not yet not yet! the rabbit hastili interrupt there a great
deal to come befor that!

call the first wit said the king; and the white rabbit blew three
blast on the trumpet and call out first witness!

the first wit wa the hatter he came in with a teacup in one
hand and a piec of bread-and-butt in the other i beg pardon your
majesti he began for bring these in: but i hadnt quit finish
my tea when i wa sent for

you ought to have finish said the king when did you begin?

the hatter look at the march hare who had follow him into the
court arm-in-arm with the dormous fourteenth of march i think it
wa he said

fifteenth said the march hare

sixteenth ad the dormous

write that down the king said to the juri and the juri eagerli
wrote down all three date on their slate and then ad them up and
reduc the answer to shill and penc

take off your hat the king said to the hatter

it isnt mine said the hatter

stolen! the king exclaim turn to the juri who instantli made a
memorandum of the fact

i keep them to sell the hatter ad as an explanation; ive none of
my own im a hatter

here the queen put on her spectacl and began stare at the hatter
who turn pale and fidget

give your evid said the king; and dont be nervou or ill have
you execut on the spot

thi did not seem to encourag the wit at all: he kept shift
from one foot to the other look uneasili at the queen and in
hi confus he bit a larg piec out of hi teacup instead of the
bread-and-butt

just at thi moment alic felt a veri curiou sensat which puzzl
her a good deal until she made out what it was: she wa begin to
grow larger again and she thought at first she would get up and leav
the court; but on second thought she decid to remain where she wa as
long as there wa room for her

i wish you wouldnt squeez so said the dormous who wa sit
next to her i can hardli breath

i cant help it said alic veri meekly: im grow

youv no right to grow here said the dormous

dont talk nonsens said alic more boldly: you know your grow
too

ye but i grow at a reason pace said the dormouse: not in that
ridicul fashion and he got up veri sulkili and cross over to the
other side of the court

all thi time the queen had never left off stare at the hatter and
just as the dormous cross the court she said to one of the offic
of the court bring me the list of the singer in the last concert! on
which the wretch hatter trembl so that he shook both hi shoe off

give your evid the king repeat angrili or ill have you
execut whether your nervou or not

im a poor man your majesti the hatter began in a trembl voic
--and i hadnt begun my tea--not abov a week or so--and what with the
bread-and-butt get so thin--and the twinkl of the tea--

the twinkl of the what? said the king

it began with the tea the hatter repli

of cours twinkl begin with a t! said the king sharpli do you
take me for a dunce? go on!

im a poor man the hatter went on and most thing twinkl after
that--onli the march hare said--

i didnt! the march hare interrupt in a great hurri

you did! said the hatter

i deni it! said the march hare

he deni it said the king: leav out that part

well at ani rate the dormous said-- the hatter went on look
anxious round to see if he would deni it too: but the dormous deni
noth be fast asleep

after that continu the hatter i cut some more bread-and-butter--

but what did the dormous say? one of the juri ask

that i cant rememb said the hatter

you must rememb remark the king or ill have you execut

the miser hatter drop hi teacup and bread-and-butt and went
down on one knee im a poor man your majesti he began

your a veri poor speaker said the king

here one of the guinea-pig cheer and wa immedi suppress by
the offic of the court (a that is rather a hard word i will just
explain to you how it wa done they had a larg canva bag which tie
up at the mouth with strings: into thi they slip the guinea-pig
head first and then sat upon it)

im glad ive seen that done thought alic ive so often read
in the newspap at the end of trial there wa some attempt
at applaus which wa immedi suppress by the offic of the
court and i never understood what it meant till now

if that all you know about it you may stand down continu the
king

i cant go no lower said the hatter: im on the floor as it is

then you may sit down the king repli

here the other guinea-pig cheer and wa suppress

come that finish the guinea-pigs! thought alic now we shall get
on better

id rather finish my tea said the hatter with an anxiou look at the
queen who wa read the list of singer

you may go said the king and the hatter hurriedli left the court
without even wait to put hi shoe on

--and just take hi head off outsid the queen ad to one of the
officers: but the hatter wa out of sight befor the offic could get
to the door

call the next witness! said the king

the next wit wa the duchesss cook she carri the pepper-box in
her hand and alic guess who it wa even befor she got into the
court by the way the peopl near the door began sneez all at onc

give your evid said the king

shant said the cook

the king look anxious at the white rabbit who said in a low voic
your majesti must cross-examin thi wit

well if i must i must the king said with a melancholi air and
after fold hi arm and frown at the cook till hi eye were
nearli out of sight he said in a deep voic what are tart made of?

pepper mostli said the cook

treacl said a sleepi voic behind her

collar that dormous the queen shriek out behead that dormouse!
turn that dormous out of court! suppress him! pinch him! off with hi
whiskers!

for some minut the whole court wa in confus get the dormous
turn out and by the time they had settl down again the cook had
disappear

never mind! said the king with an air of great relief call the next
wit and he ad in an underton to the queen realli my dear
you must cross-examin the next wit it quit make my forehead
ache!

alic watch the white rabbit as he fumbl over the list feel veri
curiou to see what the next wit would be like --for they havent
got much evid yet she said to herself imagin her surpris when
the white rabbit read out at the top of hi shrill littl voic the
name alice!



chapter xii

alic evid


here! cri alic quit forget in the flurri of the moment how
larg she had grown in the last few minut and she jump up in such
a hurri that she tip over the jury-box with the edg of her skirt
upset all the jurymen on to the head of the crowd below and there
they lay sprawl about remind her veri much of a globe of goldfish
she had accident upset the week befor

oh i beg your pardon! she exclaim in a tone of great dismay and
began pick them up again as quickli as she could for the accid of
the goldfish kept run in her head and she had a vagu sort of idea
that they must be collect at onc and put back into the jury-box or
they would die

the trial cannot proceed said the king in a veri grave voic until
all the jurymen are back in their proper places--al he repeat with
great emphasi look hard at alic as he said do

alic look at the jury-box and saw that in her hast she had put
the lizard in head downward and the poor littl thing wa wave it
tail about in a melancholi way be quit unabl to move she soon got
it out again and put it right; not that it signifi much she said
to herself; i should think it would be quit as much use in the trial
one way up as the other

as soon as the juri had a littl recov from the shock of be
upset and their slate and pencil had been found and hand back to
them they set to work veri dilig to write out a histori of the
accid all except the lizard who seem too much overcom to do
anyth but sit with it mouth open gaze up into the roof of the
court

what do you know about thi business? the king said to alic

noth said alic

noth whatever? persist the king

noth whatev said alic

that veri import the king said turn to the juri they were
just begin to write thi down on their slate when the white rabbit
interrupted: unimport your majesti mean of cours he said in a
veri respect tone but frown and make face at him as he spoke

unimport of cours i meant the king hastili said and went on
to himself in an underton

important--unimportant--unimportant--important-- as if he were tri
which word sound best

some of the juri wrote it down import and some unimport
alic could see thi as she wa near enough to look over their slates;
but it doesnt matter a bit she thought to herself

at thi moment the king who had been for some time busili write in
hi note-book cackl out silence! and read out from hi book rule
forty-two all person more than a mile high to leav the court

everybodi look at alic

im not a mile high said alic

you are said the king

nearli two mile high ad the queen

well i shant go at ani rate said alice: besid that not a
regular rule: you invent it just now

it the oldest rule in the book said the king

then it ought to be number one said alic

the king turn pale and shut hi note-book hastili consid your
verdict he said to the juri in a low trembl voic

there more evid to come yet pleas your majesti said the white
rabbit jump up in a great hurry; thi paper ha just been pick
up

what in it? said the queen

i havent open it yet said the white rabbit but it seem to be a
letter written by the prison to--to somebodi

it must have been that said the king unless it wa written to
nobodi which isnt usual you know

who is it direct to? said one of the jurymen

it isnt direct at all said the white rabbit; in fact there
noth written on the outsid he unfold the paper as he spoke and
ad it isnt a letter after all: it a set of vers

are they in the prison handwriting? ask anoth of the jurymen

no theyr not said the white rabbit and that the queerest thing
about it (the juri all look puzzled)

he must have imit somebodi els hand said the king (the juri
all brighten up again)

pleas your majesti said the knave i didnt write it and they
cant prove i did: there no name sign at the end

if you didnt sign it said the king that onli make the matter
wors you must have meant some mischief or els youd have sign your
name like an honest man

there wa a gener clap of hand at this: it wa the first realli
clever thing the king had said that day

that prove hi guilt said the queen

it prove noth of the sort! said alic whi you dont even know
what theyr about!

read them said the king

the white rabbit put on hi spectacl where shall i begin pleas
your majesty? he ask

begin at the begin the king said grave and go on till you
come to the end: then stop

these were the vers the white rabbit read:--

they told me you had been to her
and mention me to him:
she gave me a good charact
but said i could not swim

he sent them word i had not gone
(we know it to be true):
if she should push the matter on
what would becom of you?

i gave her one they gave him two
you gave us three or more;
they all return from him to you
though they were mine befor

if i or she should chanc to be
involv in thi affair
he trust to you to set them free
exactli as we were

my notion wa that you had been
(befor she had thi fit)
an obstacl that came between
him and ourselv and it

dont let him know she like them best
for thi must ever be
a secret kept from all the rest
between yourself and me

that the most import piec of evid weve heard yet said the
king rub hi hands; so now let the jury--

if ani one of them can explain it said alic (she had grown so larg
in the last few minut that she wasnt a bit afraid of interrupt
him) ill give him sixpenc _i_ dont believ there an atom of
mean in it

the juri all wrote down on their slate she doesnt believ there an
atom of mean in it but none of them attempt to explain the paper

if there no mean in it said the king that save a world of
troubl you know as we neednt tri to find ani and yet i dont know
he went on spread out the vers on hi knee and look at them
with one eye; i seem to see some mean in them after all --said
i could not swim-- you cant swim can you? he ad turn to the
knave

the knave shook hi head sadli do i look like it? he said (which he
certainli did not be made entir of cardboard)

all right so far said the king and he went on mutter over
the vers to himself: we know it to be true-- that the juri of
course--i gave her one they gave him two-- whi that must be what he
did with the tart you know--

but it goe on they all return from him to you said alic

whi there they are! said the king triumphantli point to the tart
on the tabl noth can be clearer than that then again--befor she
had thi fit-- you never had fit my dear i think? he said to the
queen

never! said the queen furious throw an inkstand at the lizard
as she spoke (the unfortun littl bill had left off write on hi
slate with one finger as he found it made no mark; but he now hastili
began again use the ink that wa trickl down hi face as long as
it lasted)

then the word dont fit you said the king look round the court
with a smile there wa a dead silenc

it a pun! the king ad in an offend tone and everybodi laugh
let the juri consid their verdict the king said for about the
twentieth time that day

no no! said the queen sentenc first--verdict afterward

stuff and nonsense! said alic loudli the idea of have the
sentenc first!

hold your tongue! said the queen turn purpl

i wont! said alic

off with her head! the queen shout at the top of her voic nobodi
move

who care for you? said alic (she had grown to her full size by thi
time) your noth but a pack of cards!

at thi the whole pack rose up into the air and came fli down upon
her: she gave a littl scream half of fright and half of anger and
tri to beat them off and found herself lie on the bank with her
head in the lap of her sister who wa gentli brush away some dead
leav that had flutter down from the tree upon her face

wake up alic dear! said her sister; whi what a long sleep youv
had!

oh ive had such a curiou dream! said alic and she told her
sister as well as she could rememb them all these strang adventur
of her that you have just been read about; and when she had
finish her sister kiss her and said it wa a curiou dream
dear certainly: but now run in to your tea; it get late so
alic got up and ran off think while she ran as well she might
what a wonder dream it had been

but her sister sat still just as she left her lean her head on her
hand watch the set sun and think of littl alic and all her
wonder adventur till she too began dream after a fashion and
thi wa her dream:--

first she dream of littl alic herself and onc again the tini
hand were clasp upon her knee and the bright eager eye were look
up into hers--sh could hear the veri tone of her voic and see that
queer littl toss of her head to keep back the wander hair that
would alway get into her eyes--and still as she listen or seem to
listen the whole place around her becam aliv the strang creatur of
her littl sister dream

the long grass rustl at her feet as the white rabbit hurri by--th
frighten mous splash hi way through the neighbour pool--sh
could hear the rattl of the teacup as the march hare and hi friend
share their never-end meal and the shrill voic of the queen
order off her unfortun guest to execution--onc more the pig-babi
wa sneez on the duchesss knee while plate and dish crash
around it--onc more the shriek of the gryphon the squeak of the
lizard slate-pencil and the choke of the suppress guinea-pig
fill the air mix up with the distant sob of the miser mock
turtl

so she sat on with close eye and half believ herself in
wonderland though she knew she had but to open them again and all
would chang to dull reality--th grass would be onli rustl in the
wind and the pool rippl to the wave of the reeds--th rattl
teacup would chang to tinkl sheep-bel and the queen shrill
cri to the voic of the shepherd boy--and the sneez of the babi the
shriek of the gryphon and all the other queer nois would chang (she
knew) to the confus clamour of the busi farm-yard--whil the low
of the cattl in the distanc would take the place of the mock turtl
heavi sob

lastli she pictur to herself how thi same littl sister of her
would in the after-tim be herself a grown woman; and how she would
keep through all her riper year the simpl and love heart of her
childhood: and how she would gather about her other littl children and
make their eye bright and eager with mani a strang tale perhap even
with the dream of wonderland of long ago: and how she would feel with
all their simpl sorrow and find a pleasur in all their simpl joy
rememb her own child-lif and the happi summer day